Ready .... GO !!!
If i sent you some pic wound use be able to put them up cuz use dont have many also i have lots of links to give use
ALWAYS SPEAK OUT WHEN IN A CLASS WITH A BRAINWASHING TEACHER BECAUSE ONCE YOU SPEAK OTHERS WHO MAY FEEL THE SAME WAY MAY REALIZE THEY ARE NOT ALONE but if you say nothing then everybody will without question go along with the anti white brainwashing .
They fit the same DNA as the DNA found in ancient mummies .
I would not be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jews from her town for this abominable treatment .
If they were jew pieces of garbage who the hell cares what happened to them .
http://www.newnation.tv/forums/showthread.php ? t = 207286
Put that fat Black idiot to work and she would n't be smirking at Whitey and playing stupid for the camera at her welfare review hearing !
I hope this will catch on like the 14 words .
Such as a person with one arm , wheel chair ect .
That is how we get happy country .
I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political positions.We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non Whites .
Also notice that the Nig giving the running commentary said nothing about the ' White boy ' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance !
Moby Extreme Ways ( The Bourne Clip ) - YouTube
It 's close to Finnic and Estonian .
JAPs are a total hoot , each the center of the universe , loud , brash , vain , arrogant . . .
I went back a cpl years ago and the black vermin were everywhere .
Gatsby Coram & Stoney Westmoreland - FedEx Commercial `` Vacation at home '' - YouTube
Thanks, ive actually found this to be a very warm and welcoming site , been reading for a few weeks now , thought id register .
Sub 70 I.Q. I would say for sure .
The only thing Negroes have is wishful want .
Liberals go on about diversity and how we all need it , but they have no problem with two completely different types of people blending together and being the same .
You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather .
Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK .
Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who have invaded our country and laid seige to our cities on May 1 .
Tell them we 'll legalize drugs and pedophilia .
It is a total disgrace when tax-payer dollars can go to promoting such degenerate filth .
Hi: I want to share these wonderful videos , very beautiful teachers and great new methods for everybody can easily learn .
I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis .
Wanna talk im or pm me
i love it when jews get a taste of thier own vile medicene I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold
Regurgitation of good info is better than ingestion of jewish-disinformation .
A good solution is that we make a good famous news program where we can show this kind of things , but that 's nearly impossible ..
In fact , if you buy California fruit , you have tasted illegal alien DNA .
Truth is welcome who ever speaks it .
i have no problem eating foreign food , what i have a problem is is handing over my money to foreigners. there is no reason you should hate any foods just beacuse some other race found out a nice way to prepare it .
There are a few schools around here that run women only classes and once school has a six or eight week so called boot camp for women wanting to do krav maga .
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .
You may as well think of it as the blood of an animal .
Good luck !
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .
I certainly hope they live up to their name and have a mostly ( or even better all ) -White team .
My kids are in a co-op that meets weekly , they attend church activities twice a week , and they are active in sports and other activities .
You find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .
If you want to see what having a black , kenyan White-hating muslime in the Whitehouse has created , go look at Tarantino 's latest flick Django Unchained .
Thanks.
they played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt , no pun intended , because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news ......... secondly , ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new specie , from the chimpout family ?
She became a suspect when two people contacted the Department of Revenue claiming an agency employee requested credit card information when they called to make payments on their accounts .
You've walked right into it again .
`Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit to praise this figure , while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German filth .
It 's annoying to live in a time where a subhuman monkey coon thinks it 's okay to hit an Aryan white blond , blue-eyed child .
The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god .
Quite the opposite in fact .
I know I keep hoping I wake up one day and this multiracial hell Canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens .
looking for sisters and brothers to hang out with get to know ...... cant semm to find in in this area ?
There is no good in reasoning a bitch that is hungry for a dick.Forget her and let her perish in shame after negroid kicks her after a few tries .
The big black females pushed their way into the Houston city counsel meeting and said all of the white teachers they used to have all quit ( do you wonder why ? ) and all you sent us to replace all them teachers was a bunch of dumb blacks .
If I could create a disease that wipes out all Black 's I would .
My 22 pump action long rifle for fun My mosin nagant for hunting My semi automatic 12 gauge for home defense buck shots My browning 1919 for personal side arm My mauser k 98 k scoped for hunting
White men explored space and landed on the moon and white men sent them there and brought them home safe .
Mostly they were playing loud kurdish music .
The thought of Africans in space is laughable .
We spent too much time and effort worrying about Blacks while the Asians and Hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball .
I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me .
I do have a few copies of several of the languages around the house , if anyone is interested PM me for details .
I honestly hate Indians , Muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin I hate .
Yeah, it surprised me .
We can all put down our torches go home and suck some Jew d@cK JUST LIKE YOU !
Please join the discussions first before posting your pictures .
Yet my daughter still wants to go outside and play with that thing .
Why do you feel a need to talk about this publicly ?
On his first day of school , he is tormented by the evil spirited White children .
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey 's fault ?
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy
Francesca Battistelli : Beautiful Beautiful YouTube - Francesca Battistelli - Beautiful , Beautiful ( Video ) Meredith Andrews : You 're Not Alone YouTube - Meredith Andrews - You 're Not Alone ( Music Video )
Fortunately for Golden Dawn they do n't depend that much on the internet , since they are a grass-roots organization through and through .
Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs .
The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman .
This is not good even though it is the truth .
I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future .
When the entire non-White world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self-defense .
-Yankee Jim
I am a 23 year old Spanish guy .
Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority .
From what I hear .
Correct that is the exact goal of the Elite in North America .
However I hope we 'll get off our butts before then .
But I love this song and video so I thought I d post it here since the topic is about him .
Note that I ca n't guarantee that later editions of this book have such ( or even any ) coverage of word problems .
They all deserve an ass kicking .
Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets .
I had to change the kids site around a bit Liz ... here is the correct link for the FCKS ... Creative Kids
I 'm surprised they 're not holding the gun back to front .
They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate .
Police : Suspect in U.Va. case linked to 2009 homicide Virginia State Police said Monday that a suspect charged in the disappearance of a University of Virginia sophomore is linked through forensic evidence to the abduction and murder of another college student five years ago .
This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' !
21325 white Estonians singing patriotic and just beautiful songs .
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ?
it is down to the EU.we have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country as long as they have an EU passport
If it continues England will become a cesspool of sh * * pardon my English
???
Hope to talk to you later .
I do n't look down on these degrees as much as I used to .
i live up the block from a muslim mask. every friday they rule the streets. they think that they can walk anywhere they want and if your are white they give you a look just klike when you pass through a black neighborhood. they are the same as them nigs
I do n't watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I ca n't find humor in the black race with all of the crime they comit against the white man , to hell with them .
So am I , I 'll let them sit there for days before I reply , even if I 'm hanging out here .
Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
Soon in their minds it is ok to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushing us further toward extinction .
Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ?
I guess I 'll just stick to homeschooling my kids , when and if I have them ...
A Kosher slaughter , blessed by every Rabbi under the sun .
Only they do and all their brainwash followers .
Never date outside your race Someone on this site has it on their posts
Unfortunately for the poor Japanese , their island is getting very crowded now .
Football by itself is not bad .
Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures .
I saw on news here in Kentucky a few days ago where someone had spray painted `` KKK '' on the side of a black School security officer 's house , they hadnt found who did it but they said it was a possible hate crime .
That is correct , White men with guns built America , and it will likely take White men with guns to take it back .
What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .
The Book of Revelation !
Their aggressiveness is a massive reason for their ' success ' .
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .
Wasn't meaning yo be hard on you or Knightrider1961 .
With the help of God we will be congratulating an Irish WN Party on their election success in the not so distant future .
Just shows how thick they actually are one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and asking WHITES to feed them
The blood of hundreds of white women is on the hands of white liberals .
Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society .
They must have trapped her somehow , and sent her thru the network to Israel .
I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types .
I dont drive a Ford but I got a s-10 with a 6 inch lift on it 34 inch mickie thompson swampers rollbar and the kc lights on the rollbar .
Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her .
When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry .
I would n't marry a asian even after cirurgy .
the black security guards are racist and look evil and are always giving dirty looks to white customers especially polish customers !
Got a great deal too .
Sveiks !
`` The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul . '' - Johann Sebastian Bach `` Where there is devotional music , God is always at hand with His gracious presence . '' - Johann Sebastian Bach
The guy giving the beating could very possibly be a Hispanic , I would have to see a much clearer video before I 'd give him the honor of calling him White .
Powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are .
I wish you luck , is it any wonder Jew males lust for our White women ?
Every day they erase more of our past .
Fags are a big problem , they are recruiting our kids , in the schools that we pay for .
Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors
The next generation of humanity should thank you for not having been infected with your flawed genetic structure .
It really pisses of the liberal leftist
When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa n't to punch the white people who fall for it .
What a joke .
It will be the same here when the goodies run out .
The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva .
I simply go over their research and then regurgitate the info .
But what do you expect with a homosexual Muslim as the mayor ?
And they are both singers in Leaves Eyes .
Responding to edit comment .
Then we need to establish a national day of mourning about past traitors and the harm which they caused to our people and the whole nation .
Egyptian TV Host : The Jews Are Using the Holocaust to Suck the Blood of the Germans - YouTube
im a 21 year old white woman , mother of one 2 year old boy. i have been looking for others like me in oregon for quite some time now and have ony found a few .
But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans .
Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. !
Here you would be in and out of the ghetto in prob under a minute .
The Jews say they are The Chosen Ones The Blacks say they are the original Hebrews Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS ! ... and so it goes ..
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .
Lots of companies moving in , many focused on energy sector .
I got one during this last school year and I through it away .
Literally !!!!
Get over watching monkeys throw a ball around and get a real hobby for God 's sake .
if you have enough money for high speed internet to download it you can probably afford the book ! you have your priorities mixed up if you have high speed internet which you 'd need to d/l it but cant feed your kids , lol .
Yah , I guess there is !!!
Here is your logic : some whites are corrupt whores for Jewish supremacists , therefore Whites should not oppose Jewish supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity 's future .
Thank you so much for this , one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools , and private ( Jews can easily fake being Christian ) .
Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted .
Anyone white person would if they knew the truth .
Fathers of Sweden watch out for your daughters ' safety !
ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer ? ' we evolved to be better'
I 'm beginning to wonder with all your posts defending the greatest race-traitor and puppet-of-Jewry that Great Britain has ever produced .
Jackson 's retrial took jurors back to the events of late summer 1977 , when two widows , Vernita Curtis , 81 and Gladys Ott , 90 , were beaten and strangled to death during burglaries a week apart in a Long Beach apartment building .
HIV/AIDS is n't killing them off fast enough .
Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites .
Got to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand power to a bunch of hard line Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you Could n't make it up
I can honestly say that I have minority friends , and would n't hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported .
If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a timber wolf that are two different species , they look a lot more alike than say a Congolese and a Swede .
http://www.census.gov/geo/www/mapgal...inPD-1990.html
Beautiful Sweden poisoned by Arab/Muslim trash .
Vail Pass and Eisenhower Tunnel - YouTube Vail Pass ( elapsed time video , with John Denver music ) GTA video gameplay , crimmigrant driver wields heavy haul truck through Los Angeles. gta san andreas - Mcdonalds truck - YouTube
Looking at your guys situation makes me realise how lucky I am that my high school is 100 % white however even in my remote countryside community there are more and more black 's moving into the area , and their kids .
50 shades of brown
They re more like a virus than human ; they get inside a country and they taint it with their sickness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime , rapes and mindless violence has skyrocketed .
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .
My advice would be to pray about it and ask yourself what sort of person is she now .
Ohio in general looks to be in bad shape .
Innocent whites including white children all murdered by heartless groid savages .
This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punish the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead .
Lumberton , Texas in Hardin County .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it folks , Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negroes for a bigger handout from the government .
She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also .
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they do n't need ours .
The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it .
I'm going to post this one a bit early just in case .
Once the negros start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the whites will have to leave again and start a new community .
I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere .
But unfortunately , Maine 's become the dumping ground for Somalis and other African trash .
* Unsubscribed * Off to the SA threads .
Einherjer88@hotmail.com
There comes a moment when we must act , regardless of the consequences .
At least they had someone who would have lifted a weapon towards Terrorist or Commies that would have hurt them ... hehe
Besides Thanksgiving , to me , is just an excuse to mess around and eat as much turkey , potatoes , corn , stuffing , and cranberry sauce as I can .
I 'd like to see Iran wipe Israel off the map .
Honestly if they ever fired them I 'd expect they 'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training .
I registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear .
Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger 's parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on t.v.
It was ' National Song and Dance Festival ' in Estonia today and yesterday .
May they be put away for good .
YouTube - Woman Opens Strip Club In Trailer Home For Teens And Offers Lap Dances To Children !
In order to help increase the booklets downloads , it would be great if all Stormfronters who had YouTube accounts , could display the following text in the description boxes of their uploaded YouTube videos .
Truly sad ...
Has it gone or can I just not find it ?
Something must be done to halt this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain .
Who said the Bible was written by the Jews of today ?
Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite the fact that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy .
The non white homelands have so much trash and crime in them that non whites mainly choose to stay away .
I hope I see the day when thease worthless pieces of crap are OUT OF HERE .
I can only pray this babboon mongoloid did n't have any children so his seed will not continue on on this Earth .
LOL, pillow count means nothing , there are actually five ...
Yeah, when I was younger there were some old lady in my street and kids thought that she is Baba Roga , so one day I waited for her with some pipe , I almost boke her backs ...
Then your gonna see what hell is like .
All of this diversity crap needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I 'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world
Blacks Will Lose Race War - YouTube
They all look nonwhite , look closer .
The have no concept of honour or of having respect for the feelings of others .
I put you on my msn. dont accept if you dont want too
What typical brainwashed liberal lemming .
Homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against White Genocide , only hypocrites can , I 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
He is just telling the truth as usual the filthy jews need to clamp down as soon as possible .
Perhaps this person would care to use the PM facility and let others know how happy he/she is to join WS .
lookin for white friends online ! i 'm from mexico , and i would like to meet people interested in nordic black metal and the holocaust so we can send mails to each other. : attack
Neither an attack on his nose ( which I ca n't distinguish from my own BTW ) .
How much you want to bet it is n't a black male running this operation You can count on white people to be very innovative
There are 150K or so on SF and the other hundreds of millions just walk thru life with blinders on .
Elevating the negro to iconic status , is bad business .
See UnityND.com .
http://www.righttomarch.com/
I hear some great radio ads for National Vanguard , but only during the American Dissident Voices shows .
That 's about the same as saying the sky is blue , or the grass is green .
This is the main logo when you sign on to their website
You 're treading on very thin ice , jimmy .
Thanks for your support commando 88 , pm me and we will talk .
They are supporting the destruction of their future generations .
Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house .
I think you should write a book as well .
There are few places nowadays where there is freedom of speech so you 'll enjoy posting here !
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .
How can the Jews be the same as God 's people when they are tring to kill them ?
Will bust ribs and penetrate heart .
I need something translated but I would settle for a `` live '' internet sports channel that carries lithuanian or latvian sports .
Do you notice how the primate 's , I mean black kid 's arm is around the white girl ?
We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ...
I believe it started to become cooler not long after they arrived but the Nordic settlement was in fact expanding ( to the north ) until they encountered the Inuits .
See the threads : Over 1800 gathered to honour Daniel !
Their identity is the Liberal Tribe , and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribe .
You have to defend yourself with riots happening across the country and invaders flooding across our borders .
How on earth can they be Swedes when they are the result of race treason ?
For analogy : you put feces in your soup you put water in your cars gasoline tank you feed your livestock poison You water your plants with salty water Giving your kids FAS You do n't need to punish these people .
Tell your friend he wins ; I 've now decided to make a video documentary about the Jewish Ritual Murder of Andrei Youshchinsky .
Ireland does n't need arab scum like these .
One day when true people come to power in italy they will have to go back where they came from ! Italy to Italians !!
YouTube - Orangutan Towan Paints at Woodland Park Zoo , HD
The downfall has begun ...
Was n't Beethoven a Native American ?
If making a personal profit from government is even in a politician 's or activist mind they are good for nothing , but kindling .
Whiter than Armenians for sure .
Is so readily happy to `` welcome '' .
Dumb ass that was just more Jew propaganda that shows their ( and ) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@ $ t
No white person should ever be compared to a black and other useless races .
Look what happens when Whites leave black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countries today should be on their knees thanking Whites for trying to civilize them
Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claims , they just came here to complain and start name calling , just as stupid liberals do .
http://youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose .
If you need some help and I could provide it , send me a PM .
That sounds promising , and hopefully in time there will be a couple of more days added and the extra hour too .
Many of them are doing just as their masters desire .
Was walking through tooting broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago .... was the only white dude around and all I could see was nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting , made me feel ill !
http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-death-penalty2-2010apr02,0,5824772.story * * * * * * * * Kevin Bautista , a 21-year-old black , was shot and killed Saturday , March 27 , According to an LAPD news release , Bautista was sitting in the passenger seat of his car about 6 : 15 p.m. `` when a man and woman drove up in a gray sedan and stopped at the southeast corner of 84th Street and Harvard Boulevard . ''
Calmady Children .
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy
And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people .
There are really few Jews and millions of those bastards on the body of our country .
Yes, but it is very difficult to obtain firearms in New York City .
I did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often Asians and Jews get surgery to look more White .
It 's another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting * * * * * * music , race mixing and pornography .
I bet you can see the Mexic-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table CYF salt of the earth
You mean adoption of this new found identity which in all reality is a Greek identity .
My wife 's favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom , Cloghane Village , and O' Connor 's pub. I hope that place has n't been invaded .
Sir Thomas Lawrence .
http://www.nogw.com/download/ _ 07 _ il _ kidnap _ aussie.pdf
The jew is attempting to make the condemned beg for the noose .
'Civilization ' is a very contemporary , yet PC-free history of Western Europe .
That is a good article .
My daughter said she had only touched the apeling 's back , not hit her .
Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) .
I hope you all stick around on SF and become involved/stay involved with nationalist politics .
Might I suggest this documentary series for getting rid of europhobic tendencies ?
Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us .
They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves .
I went to Oklahoma for thanksgiving and spent over a $ 100.00 on their ( Amish ) pies , turkey and other food .
Maybe they 're confusing the fact that we 're tired of LIBTARDS on TV for our being tired of White people .
I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell .
So that excludes uneducated third worlders .
No matter how many times I browse through it , its impact does n't lessen .
Make a visit here , lad . .
I remember when that happened ..... could n't have happened to a nicer guy .
Unfortunately I have n't kept up with this maddening story , but have hate crime charges been filed against these black apes ?
I do n't have a problem with English working or living in Ireland , maybe it was your personality that was the problem .
The Chinese have really built their country in the past few decades and that included lots of high speed rail .
Well then , that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their kin to my country , taking jobs from the White inhabitants , killing our people and mongrelizing our race all alright then .
The reason y i dropped out of school was because either , i drop out or i got kicked out. i always fought with the packi gang at my school. and i was never going to back down. in auto class i handed the n * igger a monkey wrench and told him the name suited him aswell. all the non-whites hated me because i wore a `` nazi punk '' and a `` white pride '' patch on my coat and backpack. a got in a fight with some black chick and i won. the next day her butchy sister caught up with me in the hall way and said that after school her and i where gonna fight. i told her `` no if u wanna fight , we 're gonna fight right here right now. not after school where u can gather the rest of u monkies up so it 's an uneven fight '' . she huffed and stormed away. - we neevr did get to fight the last straw was the first day of school i had a forgein substitute teacher. so i was talkin and and this guy was on my case about turning around and getting my work done. he had to ask me this a few times and then finially i stood up and said , `` look , i 'm white ur black , i should be telling u whut to do ! '' ohhh man , my guidance conslour did n't like that nor did my principal .... ( this was n't at school this happened a month or so ago but these people went to my school ) i had a n * igger try to rob me at knife point in the forest while his gf sat back and watched. my friend came by and jumped him and i personally went after the chick. she ran and i caught up to her and smashed her head into a tree. thats only some of my stories ....... i got a few more but i dont have the time
The link in my sig lne `` Christian Identity and Identifying the jew '' explains this
WE CRIPPIN NIGGA .
I also do n't want harassment in real life , which is why I keep my views limited , so I do n't want my daughter saying things like `` My parents do n't want me playing with blacks '' .
Liked the music , by the way .
I just have to study for three and a half more years until I start working on a masters in electrical engineering Feels like it never ends .
I dont know Birmingham but generally the best places to go for a haircut are up market and more importantly old fashioned hotels .
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum
everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland .
They bred with inferiors creating these mongrels
- Eric
So why are n't you complaining about the other mud races ?
Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it 's all such a mixed hell hole , all that breeding with arabs ....
When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide .
Anyways , smearing a single DNA stem with black DNA is horrible .
It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members .
Nice to know that are still a few men out there who `` have a pair '' .
Homepage < < Go and check out what your homies are up too .
com/watch ? v = kBD6Gm6VoDM Then watch 8 min. Obama at AIPAC @ youtube .
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''
Can you please give the info on the facts of who the Celts were or direct to where the information is ?
Thank you in advance. : ) Download the youtube `` description box '' info text file below @ http://www.mediafire.com/download/gxv2b33v37la6pz/Booklet % 20Description % 20Box % 20Info.txt
Most school age youth cannot access the main K K K site from their schools , but they can access Stormfront .
This is black behavior as well .
Wolf 278
Sounds like they might have some Palestinians of either the Muslim or Judaic variety in the woodpile , throwing stones like that .
My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia - thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa. Downtown Philadelphia is becoming a cesspool .
These ' people ' are just scum .
The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British .
My glock not special parts just night sights , take home shake dry , clean when your bored .
Lots of free goodies for all the new SF babies !
So you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?
Remember to not make it just about being anti-everyone else , but to also make it about them being proud of their own family heritage .
A mate from school started talking about this group .
Let the non-whites pollute their bodies with that garbage .
YouTube - Black mugger sentenced to 75 years in prison for hate crimes against elderly women YouTube - Cop 's mace vs black guy 's kung fu YouTube - African American man sprays semen on white woman in supermarket YouTube - White guy beaten nearly to death by Blacks for dating a Black woman , no hate crime there YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .
Kiss uncle Samael for me , will you ?
Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat !
You should try the same thing where you are at and build things up there
Full MSRP is $ 1108 for the night sights model .
hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass .....
Nope.
When they refuse to convert to Islam they will learn at the end .
Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman .
Wow ..
we're out just gotta keep looking i live in east texas out here its just as hard for us to find single white men
In late June early July with friends and family ..
When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit .
And it stunk like refer and black sweat .
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars
A non-citizen shall have no such rights , but also no such duty .
So I should probaly start working on the biscuits and gravy for breakfast when you come up then , huh ?
Thank you .
Interview with Herman Rosenblat : A Holocaust liar https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = HPzxTQ3t1wU
zpridez NO big deal , I got your drift.IMO If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to negate/or ignore the present ' Products of Progress ' within society we 're all doomed .
I knew someone would post this actually this is very untrue actually there is many scenes that depicts black people being beaten up by whites you just have to know where to look
I would like to know how are the nationalists parties going on in the five countries of this beautiful part of Europe called Scandinavia ?
For all of liberals ' ranting about tribalism , they behave in a very tribal manner themselves .
Perhaps your emails will make the hardened hearts realize the errors of their ways .
This is something we need to point out .
Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means .
They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them .
Our smart liberals say that we need thousands of `` high-quality '' non-european immigrants per year , but for what ?
I thought Bono and Clooney were picking up the tab for Africa ??
http://www.wafb.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 11397795 Robinson had allegedly tried to sell the 225-pound piece of artillery , but Hurlee grew suspicious and called the Sheriff 's Office .
Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ?
It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years .
and i bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go abroad to find work only this time parasitical foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP !
Our dams are overflowing except for the Cape .
One time she came in crying telling me that pavement ape `` hit me in the tummy '' .
The native hunter-gatherers , on the other hand , show 100 % incidence of blue eyes but do not have all the same mutations for light skin as the farmer and Steppe populations .
Yeah, but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks .
Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they 'd get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings .
Or a Ukraine for that matter .
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
35109
They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after .
yeah, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money printing press when they might feel like they are getting low .
We are trying to get people in every White nation around the world to distribute White Nationalist flyers on Saturday night , October 13th .
I see so many BM/WF around my city its not even funny .
I think there is more threat from Russians than from Jews .
I 'm in Birmingham , myself and even the nicer suburban area where I 'm from is getting darker and darker .
Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ?
Allow me to apologize for my last post , as I was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ? come on now I 've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble .
In a 72 hour scenario you dont need food .
Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts .
Did you see the video .
It 's parents working all the time and letting their kids watch hours of Mtv after they get home from school , makes the girls think that dressing and acting like the `` Ho 's '' in rap videos is cool and is all they are good for is to be `` pimped '' out !
I will have to try that and see how much force it adds !
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .
I 'm 20 and in Vancouver .
Without us they would still be living in mud huts with sharpened sticks .
A very eurocentric , pro-western/european civ documentary https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t994651 / DOWN WITH EUROPHOBIA
Instead of hearing rap music and looking at bling , The song dogs ( coyotes ) will serenade you ... This is the kind of stuff I love to talk about .
Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing !
When she goes outside , the subhuman ape thing is usually out there .
Q : If Johnny was at his own 10 yard line when he threw the ball and Jimmy was at his 30 yard line when he caught the ball , how many yards did Johnny throw the ball ?
I place white power propaganda in fast food restaurants and public places like movie theatre toilets and public toilets and public phone terminals .
if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes. you are a non-white. you might as well be fully mongol .
Absolutely, whenever i see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks i get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head butt him senseless
It is important for people to realize that gays want gay marriage ..... not because they desire some sort of government paperwork , but because they are seeking the right to adopt defenseless children .
But from what i have seen of the UFC lately , there are many whites dominating their division or challenging in the top positions of just about every weight class , with the exception of the heavyweight division .
If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replace them with genuine White conservatives , I 'm all for it .
The Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin has called for an amnesty for immigrants who have been in Ireland for five years or more without their status being resolved .
And so friendly too .
I'm often asked what my main squeeze looks like , here she is , Sweet Polly Purebred , in a scene where I save her from the evil jew scientist Simon Bar Sinister
We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read .
These areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wont find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us
Such is the sign of our time ...
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torpedo and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air .
I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more .
We do need to stop judging each other and get o line for an hour and go do something `` positive '' in our area.Lets talk solution not petty diferences .
I hope their is some sort off protest about this
Crippin nigga .
I'm not running and giving it to the muds .
I found out this morning that junior school kids are n't allowed to sing Bar Bar Black sheep anymore because it 's racist and might offend the coloured kids so they are being told to sing Bar Bar randow sheep ! whats next we 'll not be allowed to sing god save the queen .
Jews are not only insane , they are of literal demonic DNA .
Sad thing is white nationalists DO judge Negroes by the content of the character .
Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ?
how could you have a debate with a nigerian woman ! pity i was listening in , should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation
The ugly black will always be .... black !
These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent .
i SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGHOUT IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANIES WOULD YOU SEE US DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY ??????????????????????????????????????????? ??
To learn more , click here : www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com/experiences/cayce01.html www.astralvoyage.com/projection/index.html It would be pretty cool for teachers to tell White kids they go out-of-body every night .
Those islamic disease tend to mimic Whites or copy White concepts in various forms and many of them are light skin and even looked like Whites .
Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be .
I'm going to play the black sheep here and say there 's nothing wrong with what he 's doing .
So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop .
Oh wait thats what the whites are doing for them , kind of like a zoo ?
That ape tried to gang up a lone white .
Also if your intrested check out our webpage for more info on our european american town we are building !
Rock music video for 12 Stones band , with truck footage .
As I commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war .
Thankfully, the C.W. Camp-Out will go ahead this year .
How can others be so blind to this ?
Lack of compassion seems to go hand and hand with lack the of White blood .
Apes even have the instinct to basically leave these for dead .
The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting .
It is a silly video , but it highlights the nonsensical world in which Jesus lived and the world Jesus was instrumental in changing .
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wont give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise
www.wlu.edu Wheaton College , Wheaton , Ill.
they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs .
I had the luck ( ... ) to meet some africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worse cancer of the world , they 're ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries ..
I wonder what the shegroid that came running up did .
Read the earlier posts and see that there are still lots of non-whites coming to Denmark .
He walks upright , and has human arms and legs .
yeah but you live in a big country , N. Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these shores every day
Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now .
I 'm left wondering what jobs did the `` working class '' whites have ?
Take it slow then gradual , hell make them watch MTV for a few hours it 's the same thing as animal planet. and just gradually introduce them to your views .
So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such .
Couple Befriend Negroid , Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by : Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers .
We have plenty of articles , photos , music & we 're going to start uploading videos soon .
These `` black people '' have the nerve to call themselves human. . .
Dreaming of a Future World ( Full Version ) - YouTube Dr William Pierce .
Whites should not be forced in atheistic view in-kind .
Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe .
Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828
if any one has any info on the austin texas band Straight Laced any info please contact me at skinranger@yahoo.com white power 88
Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this .
It's as if these people were like this all along , and it was only white civilization and moral nature that kept them in check .
I had to show this , Macedonian handball fans in Zadar , Croatia .
The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion .
This savage has n't moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemies in cauldrons , ghastly people .
The cross-dressers and faggots are sure not hiding their identity .
If Bulgarians are n't slavic , then it 's perhaps time for the rest of them to seek a new name for themselves , cos it 's us that used that ethnonym first , dig ?
Also some of us on here , like myself , do not believe in the genocide of another race which is what abortion is doing to the Black race as 92 % of abortion clinics are in Black communities , we just do n't believe in race mixing .
It makes me tired .
from reading this i realized there was no date or there is a meeting or something going on outside the ucc in cork at 10 : 30 am on the 10th of march. was walkiing around cork with a few friends and they tried handing out leaflets  _  friends and i were not to happy
Let black people to join the result of `` diversity '' , is a glass of milk , for example , put a drop of ink in , before you put sugar , spices , put ice in all can drink , milk was completely dark to put ink become useless junk .
A : 60 feet Q : Johnny 's team had the football on the 50 yard line .
Tens of thousands of people graduate with these worthless degrees , find out they 're unemployable in today 's bleak job market , then take on several tens of thousands in ( more ) student debt to get a law or business degree -- and find out things are n't much better .
Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show .
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page , Drug dealing , Murdering , Racemixing , Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen , f * ckin hell i nearly split my sides laughing
It is easier for other races to follow the herd but not Whites .
Peter, these people have just been brainpolluted .
It's not just Third Reich era , it 'd been the names of the towns in many cases from the time they were founded , and anyway before 1933 .
oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued
Maybe H & K did not realize that blacks do n't buy firearms , they steal them .
Good, it is about time those progressive libtards got theirs for the generations of young white minds they have perverted with their pseudo-education .
( If you click the video , the video comments are full of self-hating whites ) : YouTube - BAKA RAINFOREST PEOPLE YODELLERS
I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream .
I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ?
It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate traditions of all sorts and push our women to make fools of themselves .
I find it funny that blacks find their own women disgusting , but i find it even more disgusting that because of this they go after white women , and are usually successful , its good to see a white girl tell one off .
Every action he 's taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen , in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that is all they have done , and do .
I am a huge football fan but there is no way in hell I would go to South Africa this year , not even if somebody paid me 10 grand to go .
whats up I thought I might put my pic up here I 'm looking for some friends theres too many negroes around here some times I feel like there is' int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their .
This is the false front which jews present to the world , but jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs .
Check out my thoughts !
Here is the link to our Youth Corps page , just click on the words !
[IMAGE: Melvin Weiss .
And now Sweden 's down against the nig nogs ... well at least it was very close , and they only lost in overtime ...
It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM .
Trudeau is the white Obama as he does n't care about the people of Canada but all the third world crap he 's allowing into Canada
Like many on here are .
There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . .
Holocaust has no business in there .
Wow Is there some hope for the Negro race ?
Here is the guy 's blog from the radio station he works at .
Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland , Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They 're threatening to leave , we 're doomed !!!
I've never been to London but from what I 've heard it 's like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half breed .
Their brains have never developed so they think there still in the wild jungles of Africa .
Arabs ?
No more !
Your history teacher has to do what the zionist butt heads want them to do .
Besides who would even bother to help them ?
I have read a 70 -/ + million figure , 92.5 million figure and an estimate of over 100 million figure So I compromised at 90 .
- White GeNOcide Project
Blessed Samhain and Happy Halloween to all of my Stormfront Brothers and Sisters .
More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants
They have their place , just like every other group .
Just because we can `` breed '' does n't mean we should .
ok, so do we need to kill them too or are the slavs okay ? for some reason whenever i hear the word slav , the word slobber comes to mind and i picture a slobbering half breed creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha
In another year I 'll have my B/S in civil engineering .
BR , Tapio 2508
It's a good to add a hint of truth in your essay 's but maybe you have it better off then I did at high school , every teacher I had was very liberal and anti-racist , and could barely accept the truth .
But on a humourous note it could also mean `` burnt earth '' ( svidd jord ) .
I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had .
Hi brothers and sisters , i live in wiltshire so if there is anyone else here from wiltshire let me know .
No I havent , none of them are in my area the nearest in over an hour away and the picture if them was posted almost three years ago .
Our enemy has the sheep already , and they 're doing more to destroy us than many of these `` lions '' of ours are saving .
Your both our enemies plain and simple , jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white .
Thats where Baz Rutten and Ken Shamrock started before UFC 1 .
NGC 1977 stretches across the field just below center , separated from NGC 1973 ( above right ) and NGC 1975 ( above left ) by dark regions laced with faint red emission from hydrogen atoms .
HIV will do its job. the fags keep searching for a cure but they will never find one because it keeps on changing and mutating. already 60 percent of faggot apes have AIDS and it continues to grow .
They probably have a 150 I.Q. with all three of them combined .
http://www.11alive.com/news/local/st...116782&catid=3 What 's funny about this is they flipped their car later that afternoon right by my house , then had every cop within 50 miles there lololol .
drinking does ease the sorrow of a lonely life .. it 's so tempting to just go out and get drunk , and laid like i did in my youth .. but i have n't got the energy for it anymore .. more likely to lie in bed and cry until it 's time to go work .. still hoping life gets better than this : drink 2508
ANTI WHITE WATCH
I am moving there tomorrow afternoon would love to meet other WP people in the area .
Major chimp-out at hip hop awards .
I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand .
Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you about the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you .
I'm from Riverside , but my Gf lives in San Diego .. so i 'm down there a couple of times a week Welcome to StormFront , Sister .
Yeah London has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies .
Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse at him Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse at him - The Irish Times - Fri , Mar 30 , 2012 Alan Shatter - Jewish Nation-Wrecker - YouTube
They preach diversity at their professor jobs and government jobs and it makes those White Liberal Neighborhoods and gated communities TOO white and in need of some `` Black flavor '' at home the joy of diversity right in their White daughter 's bedroom !
He is the kind of anti-white , that will whine about ' anti-White racism ' , instead of just calling them ' anti-White ' .
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/group.php ? groupid = 257
Whites wo n't exist in Canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving Canada to become a large ghetto
Dat Da `` Rainbow Nation '' folks ..... Da rainbow being all the different colours of the trash in Da Street .
Can someone help me find an ol ' comrade of mine who 's now rotting in a California Prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum ?
Spectators ran onto the field and began beating the protesters . '
that is absolutely * * * * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this
Since the eleventh letter of the alphabet is K , 3 Ks = Ku Klux Klan .
Red hot and smoking .
If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening .
When asked how I knew the holocaust was a lie my answer was if it was the truth there would be no laws against saying it was a lie .
Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt brgerlich in Verl | Neue Westflische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gtersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Hxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westflische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home .
http://www.borderwatch.us/ REPORT TO CAMPO , CALIFORNIA FOR DUTY RIGHT AWAY .
I 've seen negroes who look ( and undoubtedly act ) like him .
Two days ago I tapped out a half asian , half White mongrel who was bigger than me .
Please , Ireland , do n't replicate the demographics of London in th Emerald Isle .
I do n't hate Asians , I respect Asians .
They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long .
Whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non-whites .
When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes up I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks .
Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap .
Their nonwhite societies are failing in every area and yet they are trying to force White civilization to accept their backward nonwhite culture .
I hope this little groid tortures her .
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?
There are many interesting listings on this web site , including Stormfront 's own Advance Scout forum which teaches the principles of Pioneer Little Europe : http://www.angelfire.com/nv/micronations/usa.html
Meanwhile those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflict their harsh uncivilized nonwhite culture on us .
Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funds to keep an ample supply of food or toilet paper in their own country .
Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs .
I am doing online school for my associates in computer information systems with a concentration in web design .
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
Hope you will find what you are looking for .
It bothers me in as much it makes me want to vomit , any white woman who lay down with the beast need not try and come back because `` once you go black you 're not wanted back !
miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA , even nonwhite DNA. we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot
I 've only recently came to new conclusions ; or found old ones .
1911 Colt Single Action Army ( A.K.A. Peacemaker ) F & N Five seveN PSG-1 I could go on all day , but I just listed a few off the top of my head
Looked like she was going to start slapping the White guy .
Wiggah 's are created when they ca n't import the genuine black .
If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ?
When I was a kid I cut his grass for a few quid ; I found a s * * t load of cans in his shed so I ran off and got p * * * ed : I don t feel so bad about nicking those cans now .
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion .
I do n't think that any white person with brown hair brown eye 's is infirior to me .
The filthy ape gave the horse an infection .
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .
liberals hate fox news , obama hates fox news. they must be doing something at least a little bit less evil than the other stations .
Where can i find a complete list of anti black fliers. that have to do with black on white crimes , interracial babys , black drug dealers , etc etc .
Blacks Who Lynched Blacks -- Truth Behind American Lynchings The Lynching Myths January 15 , 2012 Violent Crimes : Black On White & White On Black : Blacks Who Lynched Blacks -- Truth Behind American Lynchings
I agree .
Their English language means they are drowning in the MLK-esque crap coming out of America .
The soldiers of today may face this same treatment before they die if things keep going the way it has been .
Well I wonder if its started messing with the daughter yet .
Welcome to my Irish brothers I hope your posts on Irish politics are accepted here ; Ireland is a country I would like to learn more about .
I watched a few minutes of it the other night and felt sick .
`` Small '' arms are n't always light weight .
Will they ever learn ??? 16
The gift that keeps giving .
He is a pathetic little chimp .
Angry sheboon trashes liquor store .
I guess they would not want to offend an ape .
I wish it would come back
i have been talking about it for years. the filthy muslims putting their sight on africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks .
Not sure if this is the correct place i should post it , but a good video that just uploaded on youtube about these hypocrites .
I'm not in the Chicago area , but I do know some people in the Chicago area .
White men and women who have many white children and teach them.to be white nationalist do more for our cause than these groups .
May you rot in Hell , `` Tamir . '' http://news.rgj.com/apps/pbcs.dll/ar ... 34/1004/NEWS19
http://www.the-armory.com/shopsite_s...mmunition.html
( As I watch from the safety in front of my computer monitor. )
This was back in 1998 so I have left the area for about four years and saw very few White Youth except at the New Mall that is located across the Freeway from the Truckstops .
I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV .
According to this story , the two Swedes were outnumbered , and the video only showed the final few seconds .
With lots of file work and 3 inches of hundreds .
There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab.
Are there any ple`s started yet then ? and if so where are they so we can check them out maybe we will move to one .
He has the blood of many muslims on his hands .
The Wolf
Right now when I think of WASP 's , I think of New England liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life .
-- A man wanted for attempted murder in New York City was killed Friday afternoon in an exchange of gunfire with officers with a fugitive task force who had gone to a Regency Square-area apartment to arrest him .
Most White Western Women have the racial sense of a cabbage .
She 's never had a lesson !
You sound right , but at 5-10 feet in your bedroom ?
The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complains that this somehow mysteriously `` targets '' her .
I definitely feel that way towards Snowy Owl .
I do n't see why the gardai do n't just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to be here
Negros are so dumb .
Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse !
Indeed, it is quite odd for something like this to be posted on this forum .
Is this normally what it should be ?
It would be nice to see Negro leaders like that take charge and lead their people home .
Seen some girl about 6 years old begging on grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few mins later when her father pulls up in a decent car. scum. the lot of them .
I am in Orlando , and I am also searching for people who are proud of their heritage. email if you are intrested in talking
The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ?
We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant.
welcome. here we promote white unity. british occupation of n.ireland is another issue. we cannot succeed if we promote hate against other whites. that is a fundamental tenet of white nationalism. just something to think about .
That 's all I ever see on the morning news .
Having worked around blacks at my previous job every stereotype you hear are all true .
Hi my name is Chris I 'm 35 looking for white ladies to go on dates with that are devoted to one man .
Then these students graduated college and joined the workforce , only to fail .
Welcome to SF Britain great white brit I must say the influx of new members so far this month is very good news .
there's a spirit rising a spirit called my blood a spirit that needs purity a spirit that needs one one in mind
Girl I bey you are fly !!!
The border war moves closer to home : Just another day. . . . : A relaxing evening at home suddenly turns into the pursuit of drug smugglers in my neighborhood My blog. . .
Integrated public schools offer nothing but abuse for white children .
If they do n't find a way to kick out the brown cloud that 's already there the Danish gene pool is lost .
Black father , White mother , half breed teenage son .
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy is n't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia .
Acts of racism in Ireland show short memories of Irish everywhere Read more : Acts of racism in Ireland show short memories of Irish everywhere | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians !
We can turn the cold useless parts of Canada into a dumping ground for Jews and arm the Indians to keep them in line .
If a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites .
So therefore they 're not the dumb brutes like blacks are .
Intellectual morons , or educated idiots , are good phrases to describe them .
I sure hope you 're right .
I mean three or four years older , like 24 or 25 years of age .
Thank you for this update .
I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer .
Another black is now trying to convince me that black slaves were force-fed animal lard through huge tubes and had their hands and feet cut off so they could work in the cotton fields without running away
Really interesting .
See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground .
http://www.facebook.com/pages/ % D0 % A0 ... 19205191443389
Hi, I am in Nor Cal and there are many other like minded people here too .
Disgusting.....
I would like to knock a lot of people 's heads together but I only have two hands !!!
Richard Anthony March 2 , 2014 A Storm is Brewing on the Horizon ?
The only bad thing is that these sick animals will infect whites .
The child abuse of white children happens every day in American schools .
The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries .
Just appalling .
11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating .
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .
I hope that black creep does not get off easy .
They ca n't stand toe to toe with the white man so they just dance around until they 're tired .
the father said on the news this morning the church has already told him they would appel the verdict and if they lost again they would just file bankruptcy and he wouldnt see a dime !
immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin !
I'm in the pittsburgh area myself .
Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!!
Bunch of phonies .
Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace .
88 !
I have applied this technique one many occasions and seen considerable success .
Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves .
May they all get mad cow disease .
So I guess you 'll just have to go to the Canadian Prime Minister and ask him to declare you Emperor and step down , or something ?
If teachers have to focus extra attention on foreigners because they cannot speak English properly , it will be the indigenous Irish students who will suffer .
See.....
there was this gay negro i was forced to work with on my first job out of high school here in sunny florida .
I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums !
I am defiantly intrested in maybe hanging out sometime .
Check out the RebelSong downloads , you can hear the newest up and coming White power bands , CradleSong and Patriots Call .
Lynched perhaps , elected , no.
Precisely!
thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056
Gotta represent my coconuts and mangos yo !!
Take care !
Thank you Mr. Shockly , father of the computer chip .
It always cracked me up to see middle-aged `` Skinheads '' hobbling around with their pantlegs rolled up and suspenders hanging down .
Shocking This is a similiar incident to that of a Boy in England recently who was killed by Muslims for wearing an England Shirt .
What good are these scammers to the country who Broke EU law to come here ?
Gotta have the green grass and trees .
I just cant stand to listen to negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could handle .
Our brothers & sisters in SA must stand their ground because they have earned through the blood and sweat of their ancestors .
That 's their real contribution to society , misery and dependence .
Greeting Fellow Nationalist I and White Avenger and I have joined this Site to free our Great Contry of theColoured Invaders .
RAMMSTEIN - 18.Ich will ( 2012-02-11 - Moscow ) - YouTube
Do n't sit around and argue with them , just act like they are pathetic ( which they are ) and try to shame them .
YouTube - Fight At Chuck E. Cheese In California !
Arizona Daily Star should get it 's information from groups other than an organization that makes it 's money off creating the finest spin and hype imaginable .
Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't .
You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country .
Arab militaries are incompetent .
I've never been a BNP supporter anyway , the party was doomed from the start .
Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mentioning as the protesting of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelantic .
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .
23 - White Supremacist - The 23rd letter of the alphabet is W. ROA - Race Over All - Rasa iznad svega SWP - Supreme White Power - Nadmona Bela Sila 100 % - 100 % White - 100 posto Belac-beo .
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = ttRFIvsuf4A
Africans in Ireland should be treated like paedophiles .
I was also surprised how many people were able to fit inside your clubhouse but was very happy to see so many people .
OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA
Yes, she was born in Svrljig ( 11 .
I have no doubt Los Angeles is a cess pool .
We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! "
Five is about what I 've found also .
Hey, I live in Illinois not too far from you. i 'm always trying to find new friends and people to hang out with , some email me sometime
To think that such a great Christian nation as Ireland has an Islamic Foundation is sickening .
Maybe some of you people should grow up , You don`t pick a man or woman for your mate because of the color of their eyes and hair .
A primate was the fist to invent a stick in Africa , a black just stole it from him .
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .
Now it is time to drive out all traitors !
Virtually all of those rapes are committed by non-whites .
another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com
No one else is going to bother telling this story .
With that many groups under the same AO , I wonder how much toe stepping is going to occur ... hope none of our own people get hurt .
It 's why they do n't take real ones seriously .
And there 's no need for a video game , just pack concealed carry and walk around any major US city after dark .
If not kept in check , we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon .
Those visionary and responsible negroes ...
http://www.venetofronteskinheads.org...mmer_2008.html
So check your pm .
Would black people rather take one million dollars to move themselves and their immediate family back to the motherland , or stay here in America and blame whites for their poverty and crime ?
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
Erik
Frederick neichzche embraced the notion that for a race to evolve there had to be a struggle to kill of the weaker elements to keep them from contaminating the gene pool. in the US one could say that there is a breeding program to breed dumb ghetto blacks .
They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash .
She then had the other students vote him out of the class .
Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedish females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog .
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .
I 'll be leaving for basic pretty soon .
Remember there will be a delay in your potst ' appearing , until you reach unmoderated status .
Have you ever gave hard knocks better than you got them ?
Here's a site that compiles news articles of white crime and degeneracy .
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >
They always think they are somehow exempt from the rules
You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children .
I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from an all white high school teach a kid to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while getting paid to do so .
that sounds like hippyism. im not leaving my children 's values up for grabs. as ive said before , if parents dont feel their children 's heads with good things then the pc patrol will definitely feel their heads with bad things .
Break them up .
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .
We have such a huge Asian problem .
Every cultured society and all things therein were created by whites .
Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing .
This is such a stupid question as you are not born poor or rich but if it came down to it obviously white and `` poor '' .
This should be passed to the left too , who have been victims of ADL tactics including theft of police files , smearing , and illegal spying .
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Roman it was called the wariors salute
When he gets out he 'll have more support than ever .
75 % of junior high Student 's could n't point out New york state on a map .
thank you very much for your replies ! I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in english ? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory.so long , brothers !
[QUOTE=Trotis;10497843]Isn't South African chocolate made by overseas companies based in SA ? ( British and Swiss ) Would a `` Mars bar '' taste different made in SA compared to one in England ? / QUOTE ] I would have thought so too , but the stuff tastes different .
I cant judge because i dont know them all , plus i think they are all good in their own way , that 's why they are moderators
That describes the mooleys very well , the signature haymaker .
I saw a white and a black couple the other day and nearly went ballistic and got enraged .
I 'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes i ca n't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.com
Again, every time I will see filthy comment about Georgia without providing any facts , I will respond .
I personally think she sounds like a strangled cat .
Perhaps you can use this BTW notice that the information is accompaigned by a rather clumpsy muslim exercise in damage control .
Was hoping it would be to commemorate the plantation as a dark part of our history but it appears to be celebrating it .
Let me be the first to say WELCOME to SF .
I will take your word for it and thank you , this is even better news to understand his political views and what kind of people he will accept as supporters .
Worse than Benefits St.
I wish they 'd all bugger off back to the Sudan , Nigeria , Ethiopia or where ever the hell it is they 're from and never come back .
you have a moral duty as an upstanding citizen and white person to have that baby removed from her wretched hands and have it be properly cared for. to hell with your degenerate friend , put your fear aside and do whats right for the baby 's sake .
Her tainted feet have no place in Sweden .
She then solicited his classmates to make comments about what they disliked about the boy .
And then there 's Asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , WHITE , area of Scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested Chinease outpost .
Yeah, she 's gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that got involved with the same chimp .
He use to run it a few year ago I use to run around with him and some other lads from London
Sounds like a smart idea .
A British school where none of the students have English as their first language ?
Thanks for the idea 's ...
I've recently gotten a recommendation for Peaceful Warrior .
California tried to pass a law requiring bio-metric fingerprint ID technology on guns last year ; SB 283 ..
`` Can you tell me where this service is ?
Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them .
You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil .
The race traitors sicken me too .
I saw this post a few days ago ..
I keep two bowls of candy near my door. between 5 and 7 , it is mostly neighborhood kids ( mostly middle class whites but a few middle class non-whites ) .
I was about to get on ya about using the word clip , until I realized you are talking about video clip .
`` Those evil Whites .
i found another example of a so called `` russian '' turk who hates armenians and georgians .
2508
that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending
WTF is wrong with u allowing your children to have non white friends ?
Great job guys .
I agree .
Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have .
Always one coming up for sale .
Let's hope the nearly all-White Gold Medal US Women 's Soccer team gets into the spirit too .
Check out all the Whites making pro Israel comments https : //www.facebook.com/photo.php ? v = 10204417923596945
If we are White and wish to save this country rather than have it turn into a disorderly non-White hegemony , then we are all at a loss for what to do .
Mostly gone .
The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it ! : madex : madex : madex
Neither one is better than the other .
Good luck on the magneto-hyperdrive .
What about all the tens of millions of negroes that are nothing more than criminals and parasites that do nothing but breed more criminals and parasites ?
It is also a breeding ground for Dieversity , and Libturd Indoctronation .
Does n't sound like I 'm missing much anyway .
Always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change .
`` Why did n't you order a beer ? '' they all ask .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina :
Maybe this was mentioned in an earlier post but what about `` online '' home schooling ?
This is the one my neighbors have .
What happens to a domesticated animal forced to fend for itself ?
This is a new version that has not been available before now .
Yes the negroes have been busy the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done to them when a crime is committed
When I get out of boot camp from the Marines Im going to get the Eagle , Globe , and Anchor tattoo on my right Arm big too .
The rag-heads dont have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet , but when they do , you will know all about it .
Apparently our - 50 degree winters are merely a stumbling block on the golden road to all our corn-fed white chicks .
I suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocau $ t .
We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true .
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore
Is there any on here old enough to remember white Canada ?
Only in the mind of the INTERNATIONAL JEW could such an evil machination , with its ticker tape parade of lies , be cooked up !
Hit first and hit hard .
White + Asian DOES NOT make white babies .
Their is much more to that if your hoping for a successful relationship and marriage .
The London Forum is a great YouTube channel .
A former accountant for retailer American Apparel Inc. has filed a wrongful termination suit against the company alleging that he was fired after refusing requests from Chief Executive jew Dov Charney to inflate figures on the company 's balance sheet .
If she continues worshipping negroes and homos the odds are good this scenario will repeat .
I 'm glad that you 're planning on getting out there to do it .
I think I stumbled on this thread before and thought I 'd get back to it and forgot .
It is nothing short of hysterical that you are such a retard you have to TELL us in your username that you are `` educated . ''
I grew up near Little Italy ( not NY ) and parents grew up in Brooklyn .
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le T  l  gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) .
well, the liberals would go ape crazy .
And they really are quite a frustrated group .
A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it .
That is right he is an anti-white bigot who wants to live around no blacks but wants to force other people to live around blacks .
There is no expectation of privacy in public , so taking their pictures is legal .
The Boers will be free in their Volkstaat by then and they can show us how their ancestors carved a civilization outta nothing
I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . ''
Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes .
Nothing so beautiful in the whole world in fact .
Two days , two perps killed .
I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong
With the liberal media and police departments under reporting black crime they have been given a pass on their ghetto ways so many times that it as becomes acceptable behavior for them as there is no real consequences for it .
Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish .
It is like they would bleach their hair blonde and bleach their skin `` White '' , speak English , etc but still they would torment others with their Black characteristics .
I have always enjoyed your posts on other boards .
It is quite farcical actually .
I'd say that here on SF , most of the thread derailers are crypto-antis who do n't give hoot about Thor or Jesus .
They do it not because of their nationalism but rather due to their hatred of Russians .
I'm not really surprised - now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave in such a manner even in higher education .
I was hoping someone would find it useful .
YouTube - Vide Cor Meum Brilliant .
Actually, it 's not us who 's killing them ... it 's they who are killing us .
If anyone lives near London , ON .
How about the hook noses ?
Yes he is very sick person with identity crisis who need therapy .
www.natall.com
And the contributions of whites are everywhere .
What they say and what the want to do are miles apart https : //www.facebook.com/NationalRif ... 4033633761833/
So please Zuma be a good little kaffir and take their land
Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank .
This was a bad move by the Jew puppets .
-Zo
I have it sighted in at 350 yards .
Fox news reported last night that this beast was caught eating parts of this young man when the police got onto the bus to apprehend him !
Another EuroRus update , more video and photos ! [ gvideo ] http://video.google.com/videoplay ? docid = 5268894597794277031 [ /gvideo ] A Fascinating Conversation Between Dr. Alfred Vierling & Dr. Duke !
I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil .
Hello to all my friends here on the forum .
Wow she is beautiful and a WN , I like her seig heil salute we need more women like this , she is very beautiful indeed .
Elimination of all things white .
Who will volunteer to create pro-White audio books ?
It must be the Mossad or the CIA ...
They're coming out of the woodwork to oppose white unity and White History Month .
Is that sign like Passop ? danger .
I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S
I was really excited to come across this site full of like minded people !
Heard about this a while back .
I will respond until Armenian scum will stop
I feel very sorry for the families of such Jews as Art Katz because he would preach to them over and over again about how Jesus died for the Jew first while at the same time shoving his non-Jewish wife into their faces .
Shoot me a message .
Rouse - The Redpilled Blues - YouTube Rouse - Not Our Own - YouTube Pale White Skin - Hey There Europa - YouTube Sir Antiblack - A Race War - YouTube Amazon ( ( ( Echoes ) ) ) - YouTube
You are the loyal punk to dead men that would underbid your labor with slaves of the negro race .
I have lived in Mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) .
I cant stand this guy and hate it when i meet whites and they say how funny they think he is o.k. take away the anti white jokes for a minute the guy just aint funny at all it just blows my mind how they have some talentless black fool in films but you will never see a untalented white basketball player .
looking for proud white female in ohio for friends and maybe more .
Note no mention of part four .
^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians .
I'll try and see if my sister can bring home the sheet from my old high school with like 20 websites and their passwords of scholary reviewed articls
Plans for largest mosque in Ireland given go ahead Read more : Plans for largest mosque in Ireland given go ahead | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook
Holly Quick , age 16 , brutally raped and murdered by an apelike negro .
mommy told me never to squelch on someone 's claims. the very fear of exposure makes me want to avoid lying .
So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ?
Or is it exposure to the sun like I heard someone on here say ?
The first two being the one that starts with ; `` When the discussion of race comes up , this one makes tempers flare like no other. * If a White person says they 're against interracial marriage , then that 's racist. * If a person of color says they 're against interracial marriage , then that 's protecting their culture and heritage . '' ?
It does n't matter how you dress up a mud .
I saw the movie and it was so-so .
Hopefully they wo n't settle in US black communities and pick up their bad habits .
the most official report put out on the number of deaths in those camps was the report by the Red Cross .
This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ?
Second to the last stat : virtually all gang rapes in Sweden are committed by non-whites .
Remington 700 sps tactical
Shows what sub human group these negroid belong , the poor horse got an infection from the dirty pervert .
I live in Oslo and race-mixing is a huge problem .
No the truth 88-----WHITE POWER------WHITE VICTORY------WHITE PRIDE-----88
And the general idea is to pick anyone on the site thats logged in to say hello .
I do not blame you , Ottawa like all of our cities is a multicultural hell .
No problem .
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .
I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave .
I have a Cracking the new SAT guide , and some books required through an american home school .ISBN-10 : 0375764852 ISBN-13 : 978-0375764851 PM If youre interested .
Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ?
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress .
Here is the Haiti story for the negro sock puppet , posted for the umteenth time Dr William Pierce The Island Paradise of Haiti - YouTube
1/2 messican , 1/2 White babies can often pass for White until they turn six or seven when the golden brown coating covers all .
Yes, this painting is in the Art Institute of Chicago .
We should just isolate them so those mutated monkeys can completely whipe each other out .
I'm looking to study at a college in South Africa later in my life .
Strange that you cant visit it anymore .
You are welcome to grab on if you like !
It made me sick looking at all the Blacks and Asians .
Jewish Supremicism is at the end of its noose. : madex
Officials are puzzled as to the cause .
It is a money making scam , that is why it is pushed .
i've felt anger when i 've read it on forum , but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact , because , for example , i 'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper ... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them !
So very few compared to the tens of millions who have done nothing to advance society .
No I was asking for a link for were it says their banning the celtic cross , but thanks for the link i 'll check it out .
Thanks for posting .
As a brit my knowledge of american law is somewhat lacking but even i know that this holder groid has committed treason
I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508
im with you here I see it day in day out like everyone else its easy to sit back and watch but together we are strong and its good to be with like minded people
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda .
Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars .
If ya wanna talk just PM me .
hey, im from manhattan. its really rough havin beliefs like us and living in a city like new york. if anybody would like to meet or talk to a white nationalist , neo-confederate , klansman , teenager from manhattan , just email me sk8terxxl@aol.com
Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats ...
It was FREE ...
They go around school acting like being half White/half black or half White/half asian is something to be proud of .
ya they are lazy drug-attics ... and they cant get a real job , all they do is deal drugs or they jump job to job to job ...
Well...here's what we 're up to : YANKEE _ JIM $ 100.00 Octavian $ 20.00 bigguy $ 20.00 Flax $ 300.00 Umberto $ 25.00 Cabal _ 88 $ 10.00 Gauleiter $ 20.00 Florida88 $ 10.00 -------- Total so far = $ 505.00 ADDED 9/30 Awake777 $ 20.00 JD ( Hyde Park , NY ) $ 10.00 Iconoclast14 $ 32.00 R-I-Z-Z-O ( Whitelion ) $ 30.00 DRC ( Florida ) $ 25.00 DH ( Maryland ) $ 25.00 Lawdog $ 25.00 Bamaman $ 10.00 Scipio Americanus $ 10.00 ------------------ $ 187.00 New total = $ 692.00 ADDED 10/01 Yankee Jim $ 25.00 ------------------------ New total = $ 717.00 ADDED 10/11 VM ( NA TN member ) $ 10.00 DH ( NA Maryland member ) ANOTHER $ 20.00 !
Isnt science supposed to be repeatable before they draw conclusions ?
but if you print it and get it into comic stores , you get a lot more coverage of the population , my oppinion .
Their resistance to immigration is precisely because they have been exposed to you non-White vermin and your effect on their nations .
Even if that someone openly uses their own name .
We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibits mercs from operating in South Africa. on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .
Humans and negroes use restaurants in entirely different ways .
Long time no post , Turbo , good to see you back .
South Africa has returned to the Stone Age in 20 years .
I live on Long Island , need to get a new drivers license , but when I do , Im up for travelling .
I'm sure the Jews in Scandinavia dumb down the education systems there too .
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood .
When do they ever learn !!!!
So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy .
Lets see what he says .
Good tune though , but ' tis used to praise a terrible tyrannic Empire .
I think girls go to clubs to meet guys cause there are so many guys there it makes it easier to meet some one. atleast thats what i have been told. im not into the dancing they do .
The only thing more disgusting than a White woman with a groid is a White woman who drags her White child into the filth with her .
Perhaps you would like to comment on the link below ?
I am not Ukrainian but the Ukraine nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and join together against the Marxist multiculturistic agenda that 's invading every white nation and start to over through the powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non whites in white nations !
New York reported 419 murders in 2012 , down from 515 the year before .
Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixed race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide .
So they can get reparations for their great grand parents ' `` suffering '' plus more .
Nothing has ever been as harmful to society as jews , their savage beasts , and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts .
dont know i dont visit it yes grammer is really horrible i hope i will be able to speak english in few years
If they ever accept that there are mental differences between the races they will be putting the first shovelful of dirt into the grave of multi-culturism .
Watch the video , its only 10 minutes , you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority is butchered .
Don't eat a Snickers candy bar ... it will turn you into a negro ! ( Also has the obligatory White doofus guy at the end. )
In reality screwing up is it 's own punishment , and nothing deters nor rehabilitates .
Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area .
I enjoy when a Brit comes in and tells Bulgarians everything they need to know about themselves .
I 'd imagine trying to live there as a white nationalist would be extremely hard .
It 's sadder when whites try to go black .
Surely they could n't stop you `` expressing your religious convictions '' , could they ?
They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race .
That literally hurt my brain and made me laugh while I was reading it , it 's so ridiculous that you really ca n't do anything else .
Over and over , you hear about home-schooled kids beating out public school kids for spelling bees .
I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into black , brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from star wars .
If this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in India ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor .
I think you will find that this .org is one of the best on the web .
Having recently traveled to London I was disgusted by how non-white the city had become .
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .
I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to hop out of the cars signifying the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothing ....
All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money , and all I can say is there are no good jews
Yes! hatred of the English is very real and it 's not going to get better any time soon .
my kids want to hang around and bring a couple of nigs into the house .if i do.some members of my family will blank me.if i dont allow it. the kids themselves will blank me for a while , so either way i cant win
Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs .
With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ??
That Ca n't be good !!
Thanks for your interest !
This was the first silent movie I saw , the first movie I saw starring Lillian Gish , who is now one of my favourite actresses .
New York 's Old Pennsylvania Station , What a tragic loss , to promote Jewish `` Modern '' filth , no surprise !
They should be forced to wear the hijab to show that they are different from us .
However , Loki is a trickster god within Norse mythology .
Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school !
I for one plan to hang the last jew with the guts of the last capitalist .
Police say 19-year old Tyrus Shields threatened the victim with a knife on October 21st , then assaulted the girl twice .
They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them .
Get over it ! if your white and racially aware , join the army and respect your white brothers and sisters !
Works for me .
They did the same thing down here in MS. My nephew said they were doing the same as you described , acting like a bunch of wild animal 's .
Welcome to the fight .
There's so many good choices it 's hard to pick just one all time favorite .
I wonder how they 'll paint them up plus the 1million or more illegals who are working in the service industry living in their bosses ' cupboards .
All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians .
Even a child has enough muscle to pull a trigger or cut flesh .
I recommend Quex to watch first .
Not only did he not sell a car he ended up in court and 500euro lighter in the pocket from his latest meeting with a Negro .
Lager scale .
They wo n't talk to me anymore and I wo n't go to church with them anymore .
The Jew represents the snake .
This is another tool that you will need not that im a expert god knows I only have that ged to fall back on .
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = vaEZZnW _ MJo
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world
Ya know , if they can sell this stuff to White women , what CAN' T they sell them ? They could literally spread dog poop on a bun and charge $ 10 a sandwich ... I ca n't wait to see the commercials and watch some beauty like Sandra Bullock sink her teeth into it !!
Does anyone else ever have the feeling that Churchill was only fighting the Germans rather than NS as he was he acted like he was surprised at the Nurnberg trials ?
Thank you , C _ R.
I love my big dog ...
Yes and unfortunately the Mayans were eating it well over 1,500 years ago !
Hell , the way we are deliberately poisoning ourselves I 'm surprised we have lasted this long !
It 's massive .
I do n't think we want to throw them under a bus but they certainly are stealing our livelihoods and forcing up our rents and house prices .
Why White people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until I saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .
if i end up with kids i would prefer to home school them. i worry about it though as i am not very intelligent , nor do i have experience with kids or educating them. i guess i couldnt do much worse than the public schools though. i do have a kind of plan as far as social skills. i would put my kids in sports and classes like gymnastics and karate .
Ukraine needs to rid itself of these Jewish Oligarchs .
Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe .
The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country .
Explain to them this is wrong. send mass emails explaining the science behind it , and tell everyone not to breed with them .
No, I hope the negro is not all right , ever .
If ra-heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of OG peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra-heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ? multiply food stamps X project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor
YouTube - Jeremiah Wright - God Damn America - Obama 's Spiritual Mentor / Pastor
What causes Cholera in the first place ??
Learn how to swim !!! 2 .
id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterlization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos. being a nutjob is herditary .
I bought a Glock too , and shot about 2,000 rounds out of it last year .
He's a race traitor .
I think it 's time for some old west justice ... like takin ' these two sombitches out and ..... well , I think you get my point .....
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .
Saga ( Sweden ?? ) - Various Ultima Thule ( Sweden ) - Various There are plenty of other bands .
Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed .
These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential .
I think you all got your way , and they closed down the German minority in Upper Silesia thread under Activism and Politics in Europe .
I'm just happy they have n't tried to cast blacks , Asians , or some other races like Hollywood 's treatment of Thor .
Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ?
The Nordic Angelic race came from the Pleiadian 's Star Cluster , and mixed with Iberian-Aryan 's that live in Germanic Countries and Scandinavia .
If I was back home the only reason I would go was to meet up with some of you guys for lunch or something .
After the party and kid 's games , there were two dozen little `` houses '' set up in the parking lot for trunk-or-treat candy for the kids .
Nordic is not someone 's heritage it 's a sub race category than one person 's heritage will be put into .
Even the queers in small towns have been emboldened to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda .
This is really not European news , but everybody should know that after years of Lebanese and other arabs intimmidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers ( !! ) the Lebanese got theirs yesterday .
I do n't know ... if afrocant 's do n't slather their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian appearance .
Ginger candy is sold on the internet as a relief of pregnant women 's `` morning sickness '' symptoms .
I guess the Yonge St retail district will be smashed and looted .
I would just like to express how sick and tired I am of bi-racial half-breeds kids at school boasting about their `` unique heritages '' .
And if Rose Powell has anything to do with it , they 'll stay there for a long time .
If she did use the money to buy food or get a place to stay and did n't use it to buy drugs or something like that , I would n't say you done a bad thing .
They need to give them mandatory DNA tests and kick them all out of France .
I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere .
State Sanctioned racist murder of white farmers in South Africa FULL SCREEN BEST www.youtube.com/watch ? v = SKG72AviEFw
But that reminds me , Harry Potter was finally released in ebook .
The easiest solution is to find a nice white girl and have at least two or more white children .
Sry I didnt respond sooner but right now im using free aol accounts
The regime wants Germans to hate themselves , too bad that they are not already brown Muslims !
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds .
They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians .
They probably slowly remove discipline do whatever they can to make the schools worse and worse .
Oklahoma althought I carry a french name because my parents both was adopted. mother is german and my father is scottish
http://abcnews.go.com/International/print ? id = 2483106 AP Story
I had a chance to go visit Chepstow Castle last time I was in the area .
In these dark days of jewish/Marxist/mafia dominated materialistic societies where everyone and anyone is only a bank note to be traded .
My wife showed me a Kibble 's - n - Bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as `` normal . ''
What time is the game ?
well since we have all of us from phoenix lets exchange numbers and meet up dont laugh at the email addy it was a joke hehe pure _ tattooed _ white _ trash@yahoo.com
Since they are just little kids i do n't want to be rude , but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others ? it 's not even adorable , it 's kinda scary lol
If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !
Black ``women''on London transport ...
Still , a little bit of truth slipping out of an Israeli 's mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it 's all over the news here .
There is only about 10 black kids in our school and 300 f' n spics. its my senior year and i really cant stand all this anymore. i know there are lots of others on this board that feel the same , but i need some support !
If you want to buy the homes and businesses around you pm Ill show you how to purchase these propertys when they become available , even with bad or no credit or money .
We argued for a bit , then I asked to see the list of names .
I bet they 'll find a way to invent a new hoax .
LOL
Sad it happens more and more they want to take ours but what do they think i want to date one of those negro women
Making them up a history because they have none ?
Hell, if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail , suspended him from school , and it would have been all over CNN ABC NBC and CBS .
I feel this is racist against whites !
Paul also has a daily radio program throughout the week on White Pride radio | The Voice of the White Resistance ! called ' The Fightin ' Side Of Me ' .
i hope our patriots will throu eggs at them and will say some thing like get out to the jungle or i think our coach will make them to go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they uuuu will never be able to play agane and will fly to africa after first tranning 2508
Many Jews were in the Red Army so many wanted the opportunity to rape and murder whites under the guise of war .
i am just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time i go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week i was walking down shop street and there was a moslem standing in the street selling copies of the koran
I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool .
No wonder this races achieve nothing .
He never mentioned anything about the lack of white women on Stormfront .... He is looking for Proud , White Women in Florida
Remind them that they 're just another Jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real Communists .
I'm happy for the two of you .
Welcome to the SF .
The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city .
Get one of these t-shirts for next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shirt ) Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shir themd-kein-islam
Elected from the Fredericia district , in the Vejle region , she is the youngest member in the history of the Assembly .
We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people .
MEMPHIS, Tenn.
I never fell out of a hump back in the day .
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .
It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool .
New York Brownstones , designed by European Whites .
Please tell me you are n't advocating fraud .
That's a good point , awake777 .
throw me a message as well folks .
No wonder Black dudes go for White chicks - they only have to punch them a few times to knock them out !
well im in town every day and i 've never come accross them. it was probably a group of about five 15 year olds who had been drinking all day and were out on the piss having a laugh. if its an organised group , they do n't sound too smart .
My Home Town is overran with spics and sec 8 coons at this junction .
I've heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the Talmudivision and watching very few modern movies
The true essence of divinity .
Don't wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in a bowl nearby being pounded into mush for voo-doo spells .
I was hoping someone may have come across something published for his age range or reading level .
Fatal shooting victim Police find murder victim Clinton woman 's death ruled a homicide
There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture .
If the International Drug Cartels are causing so much DEATH and DESTRUCTION in Mexico , then why allow them to just walk across our Border ?
They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS .
That was over 30 years ago .
The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this .
Thanks !
This thread is an example of white people not forming an alliance anytime soon When we still have whites fighting over who is more white .
Don't bother with black culture , it 's not worth the effort .
Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss Those are some movies the Nazi 's made and are very good and informative .
Hell some places are a buck a round for green tip its hilarious .
I now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and I could not belive what has happend in there .I think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
The Best of West Ireland : Dingle , Galway and the Aran Islands - YouTube South Ireland : Waterford to the Ring of Kerry - YouTube Dublin and Mystical Side-Trips - YouTube Belfast and the Best of Northern Ireland - YouTube
I havent been in Mayo in around three years but back then it was one of the last good Irish places left .
Somene was telling me somewhere that he has put in a claim about having been abused in an orphanage by one of the religious orders .
Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate White people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end of White rule ?
Well you 're wishing for the majority of white people in Britain to have their children burn in front of them and watch their flesh melt off of their bodies .
She has more courage than the whole German nation put together .
That's a shame I bought their home school publication years back .
Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area .
The subtle message .
Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people .
Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway .
Here is possibly the best county to live in when one considers the Mud Index .
Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance .
I believe , judging from your other posts , that you belong more towards the back .
Best thing to do is go along to a Blood and Honour gig.There is one in London in 2 weeks .
They wo n't rest till they have wiped us off the face of the earth
Those Jewish murderers of millions of Whites have been forgiven .
The word Jew mean a tribe from Jueda , the word Jew then meant a person living in Jueda , and then it meant a race of people .
As usual the magic negro opens his mouth and lies pour forth .
The German men sound so sexy .
I always intended to try making one but never got round to it .
Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America .
of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we .
that crap about blacks being tougher stornonger etc is crap it aint matter when its out on the street it a all new ball game
They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim .
Give them a taste of their own medicience .
Some of the things I noticed were shop tailors dummies that were black , a couple of mud restaurants , and the germ of blacks being `` fashionable '' taking root .
i saw it on opp.now i know what your name stands for.congrats you have a nice looking boyfriend.i read opp once and awhile to see if they took my pic off of here yet and put it on there .
All you liberals care about is `` Diversity . ''
In fact , this year this `` event '' is going to be this weekend .
If only they had cheap cameras you could hide in your baseball cap .
The Rest Of The Story
Congratulations on your decision , 88WhiteTiger88 .
Dangers of government schools : exposing your kids to philosophy like this ....
We have his handwritten account of the Battle of Shiloh , where he was with the 4th Tennessee ...
The negro is for White genocide , and I have nothing for the negro , not even sympathy in any way .
It 's plainly there , all you need to do is act on it .
We are in the Kali Yuga .
They are often confused with whites when they hide their tail , horns , and hooves .
http://users.erols.com/interlac/corres.htm Check out these schools , most offer high school level courses for credit if the school will accept them you will have to check .
Him , his wife , and his kids have absolutely no place in a white nation and it 's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfish .
Mithotyn yea maybe in Germany and other Western European countries nazis are banned from everywhere , but in Bulgaria u can live , * * * * gypsies and some * * * * * * s/not much = 15-20 ppl in my town / u can dress like skin and beat punks/not much 15-20 guys / and ..... just u can do everything but if u live here u will not have money ( hehe i will cut some of my fingers if someone american come to live in Bulgaria ...
seven billion `` Humans '' on the planet and with Open borders , H1-b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans , and Obama 's Amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job .
If I had one it would 've probably made the list .
They are both cultural threats
These idiots are doing this to hasten Armageddon so they can get a free ride to heaven .
http://www.eminencemo.com
This fight isnt over yet .
Here, for your ease & convenience -- Insight on the News current annual list as found @ http://www.insightmag.com/main.cfm ? i ... storyid = 464383 Insight 's Top CollegesPosted Sept. 15 , 2003 By Stephen Goode Published : Tuesday , September 30 , 2003 Insight 's Top 15 ( in alphabetical order ) , based on commitment to undergraduate teaching and use of a traditional curriculum .
not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people .
Hispanics , Blacks and Asians are all doing it .
I must say , the younger guy sure keeps this gal young and fit .
The BLMtards are here , they crashed the LBBQWTF parade last month ( lol ) .
A group of American men in the late 1700s decided they could defend themselves against the government of England , but it was illegal to do so .
Sort of a back handed compliment that the anti-Whites are so keen to come on here and tell us that all is lost - in their heart of hearts even they must know that what they have constructed is only temporary and all will be ripped down some day .
Get off your arse and do it yourself.Hand out a few leaflets in some Irish town and show pictures i done it years ago in Dublin why cant you do it now ?
I 'm 5 ' 7 " , pudgy with a gut and soft muscles , and I 've wrestled and over-powered bigger , ripped black guys and submitted them .
Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected .
I am not critisizing , you are right , we should all just grow up .
Now I watch no TV at all .
I wonder what the percentage of the San Francisco people who are HIV positive are straight .
The jews represent everything vile , deviant and unnatural , everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ , I hope he is burning with his father in hell .
We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes millions of dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-Whites in the world .
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office .
I just realised how much anti Russian propaganda is on the internet in the last week or two .
As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again .
That negro 's place is in Africa , and the teacher did n't send him there .
Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!!
The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots , the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration , they 'll soon run home to daddy .
www.christendom.edu Claremont-McKenna College , Claremont , Calif.
A guy could shoot anything in that $ 140 Leinad 410 double barrel .
Good to know someone is paying attention m
I just took that test .
Their shin bones are like glass .
That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF .
YouTube - Hail Combat 18 YouTube - Shebeen - Fields Of Athenry ( Garvaghy Road ) !
If half White non negro and Jew are Pro White and do n't reproduce then they are ok .
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .
You may want to consider the Harrison Arkansas area as well .
A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community .
I also , unfortuantely , spent 7-8th grade in a 95 % monkey house .
Who the hell cares if its not kosher ...
But Ulster Scot as far back as I know .
man i was in jail in waukesha a few years back and i heard that there arent any skins out there any more , hows the scene out there ? has it picked up in the last few years or was the guy i talked to full of it ?
In fact here at home their involvement in Nigeria is criminalized .
Yeah that would be great if you could make it out .
When I was very young we read and looked at the same books as the adults .
We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids .
I'm sad to find this out right now but I 'm also sorry to inform you that Kevin was killed several years ago .
Once when I was a kid and a couple itmes in fights
Teacher caught selling drugs at school .
Very good school with alot of whites , very few hispanics and very few blacks but many asians .
They would be better off just sitting out in the sun eating a dirt sundae .
Seriously, this guy is VERY primitive even for a Black .
At least shop where a white is at the counter is my rule .
There are few if any Blacks .
Only if they get their collective heads out of the punch bowl and wake up to what 's going on in the world .
pm me or email me at boycottkosher@aol.com once i get enough money together ill be getting a car and ill be able to get to milwaukee quite easily .
Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I want to help them get to Hell as soon as possible .
I was sort of hoping that they will bring back Ebola and spread it around to their own kind and the rest of the undesirables who are not wanted here .
How about matchbooks ?
No, the picture thread took care of that !
I was expecting more location-type questions .
There is lots of cheap / good surplus stuff out there .
The only time Jesus is called a Jew , is when the Jews are mocking him on his trail .
I'm looking for any white females in the fort hood area to talk to .
A lot of white women are trying to create danger by drawing these other people into our countries .
We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' .
Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves .
S.African police clash with poor protesters | Top News | Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect .
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers
When I have the five children I wish to have , every Sunday I will read for then Mein Kampf , my bible I am not kidding .
I have never seen those posters before .
It is n't enough that we support mesico now we have to support africa .
Oh I see how it is , Son of the Mist .
- YouTube
America: 25 percent of American students pass their geography America : 25 percent of American students pass their geography `` Speak for Change
It is always about divide and conquer.If you look at the Golden Dawn pictures they usually have women around there.Unity among Whites is a must between the sexes .
I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld .
Blacks have shown as they are able to survive all year round sitting on their arse waiting for comic relief .
Also work my core and upper body .
And then there is the pesticides on your fresh ( ? ) fruit and veggies .
And here 's what David Irving 's site offers on Hitler 's Table Talks .
Yamaha Aerox 150 PS 1000ccm - YouTube Yep a 1000 cc aerox
Other shooting at protester Shooting to people in Kiev / ???????? ?? ???????????? ? ?????
hello, I 'm from Rome ...
It's a start .
Ever notice the way the mechanisations of the state , always side with their anti-fascist NWO goffers ?
I am a white female and I am proud of my race. and dating a black would be disgusting
The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be .
The rounds I used to use in my 5.56 would cut through trees a foot thick and quarter inch steel like a hot knife through butter .
There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
I 've gone to public school all my life and have been force fed this crap since 7th grade !!
These high school curriculums are more about encouraging white girls to hate white males , not other males .
Hey I know I am too old for you but I just wanted to say I saw your picture & I think your cute .
I dont think it will work moot is too much of a libtard to allow that going on for too long
Also lots of bear .
Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages !
We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race .
I ca n't imagine schools being able to teach the slower or disruptive kids geographic locations plus have time to get to these specifics .
So within the next day or so my user name will be MICHIGAN GHOST I just did n't want to have anything associated with Bradley or the uka !!!!
I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames .
Report : Nuclear weapon drivers sometimes got drunk - Yahoo !
If you can stand asians then you would find the school to be a breath of fresh air .
Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass .
Unfortunately, she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian if he does n't bow down and do reverence to the Holahoax religion .
Looks like some Jews good broken into their car and garage I just had to laugh when saw this .
Damn affirmative action they got the white house , now our beer halls , their is only one safe place left ... God 's save Iceland .
I wish to know what actions Swedes are taking exactly against the invading races !
Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere .
Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird .
We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia .
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l
I could go on for hours pointing out your wigger flaws but im not even gonna waste my time .
I would n't be surprised if the government took more taxes off our pay checks so that Trudeau could feed and house more rapeugees that are flooding our country .
An Ar15 .
i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land .
I put that they were good for White youth .
So it looks like the Blacks have lost even that one LOL Diablo
I do like the outfit they dressed the simian in ; he looks so regal
That is because Lycurgus has been on moderation forever and should be let off .
Sexual assault suspect caught on cellphone video - YouTube Rape Suspect Caught On Cellphone Video Arrested - News Story - KTVU San Francisco Dion McDaniel 's mugshot
This disgusting negro makes us ( white people ) look bad .
Shannon county is famous for its wild horses and the whole area is timbered and rugged .
Your right .
Whites are not all genetic copies of one another .
God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism .
Just as there 's a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place for Negro 's called Africa .
Discuss.
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .
Construction Workers React to `` Wrecking Ball '' - YouTube
Oh .
The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers .
THe thing i was asking if it is alright if i remain here afterwards ?
BTW you are not wrong about Mildura , I went through there in mid 2000 and there was n't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders , indians , asians , and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country .
Is this true ?
I have a .40 sub compact and a .40 XDM .
Vancouver?
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden God save them .....
One sign that you are living in a small town must be when your local library only has one book about Nordic languages , 50 pages thin and published in 1942 .
I need to dust these off and get them back in my work out routine ... it gives you a feeling of purpose to do these , it helps you connect and relate to the folks they 're named in honor of .
Welcome to the front lines ...
The white population must have a place it calls its own , segregated .
Yeah, after losing peanut butter as their claim to fame , they 'll have to fall back on the Super Soaker .
The lesbian student will probably find a jew lawyer and sue for violating her civil rights.That 's a common jew tactic .
I will be reading this while away for Christmas .
They are completely different from us and should not be living within sight of us , go back to Africa and die out .
Very easy Rebel Robbie , our bluebells have flowers which droop down , the Spanish variety have flowers that stick out horizontally , and yes they do cross very easily between species which is why people are asked to destroy the Spaniards before they wipe out our own bluebells .
Prostitution and drug is getting everywhere , dealers are from Senegal , Guinea , Nigeria , dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroun .
AS in Business Admin , bachelors may have to wait because the college system in California is falling apart fast with tuition skyrocketing and admission shrinking .
Can someone tell Me when I can find any mp3 of CEBEPHIbE BPATA ?
I've seen those walls in Cuzco .
I would willing risk jail time if it meant I could get my hands on them or anyone who does that to a white child .
The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood .
I love the home school idea and very much admire parents who care enough about their children to make the commitment necessary for it to succeed .
Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non-white ( mestizo ) immigration .
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi
hi there , well thank you very much for your reply. it means alot that someone took the time to. i really envy your job. i want it lol. so were abouts are you from ?
I hear that and I have heard of using Wasp spray .
The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirable if their works where not to such disgusting evil ends .
I hope it gets the coverage it deserves and that white people need .
Yep blame the grandparents parents plus school teachers .
Go to his web site and check it out and get active .
Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of
It wo n't be long until Jewish groups like ADL , SPLC , Simon Wiesenthal Center and Search light are applying big pressure to have these videos censored .
It is the Asians in White countries that bug me .
You have to have your extreme papers to move here .
unfortunately chicago doesnt prove this .. we need to send them all to the poles we could make better use of africa
I'm young and viciously angry I 'm not going to lie or apologize for my actions i treat non whites like utter crap and i always have and always will they are n't human in my eyes Anyone who tries to wipe out my race and culture will be met by hostility by me any race who rape and abuse their and my women will be met by hostility and contempt by me WPWW
That 's your real religion and you worship that false god above everything else every day .
Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % ..
Please comment .
According to wikipedia its origin is also Gaelic and Celtic .
Then is n't it time that whites became the minority when it comes to financing said schools ?
This is the same race that thinks raping babies cures AIDS .
I guess I got lucky , I we n't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax .
What about Asians ...
the.PLE.objectives ( helping.establish.young.whites/families.in.housing , jobs.etc. ) .Both.my.Brother. & .I .are.very.interested.in.your.program.
The indians and stanis will just spit all over the street .
I was going to say - before you added that last line - they look like a bunch of frightened monkeys with guns ....
its simple , your white. your genetic code doesnt include a racial commitment to crime. be glad and for for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white
If yes , I think you are doing your people a huge disservice .
I always thought it was be fun to put on a minstrel show , a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvment . . if it ever gets put together i 'll be sure to tape and and pass it around for all to enjoy
French and Spanish are offered , but there is only one french teacher , as opposed to our 4 or more Spanish teachers , so the number of students able to take French is VERY limited .
I wonder what it 's going to be like if the Big Chimpout of 2014 really happens .
I 'd put him somewhere between the typical African and an ape .
I try and avoid shops owned by.or employing non.whites too .
They are too dung stupid to be able to tap into the market .
Adopt their musical style and hand gestures and you poison your own soul .
You AREN' T White :
They dress like blacks , talk Ike them , act just as stupid .
Israeli Embassy in Ireland had to take note of the graffiti giving their Jewish supremacists worldwide and in Ireland being given notice. scroll down to their 6/6/13 entry on their Israel in Ireland fb page https : //www.facebook.com/IsraelinIreland
Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on , again like children .
The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got .
It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground .
ive seen some very beautiful white women and nothing sickens me more than to see them pull up at the mall , grocery store , or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 here in alabama 16
Or try yelling * * * * the nigs ya 'll get suspended , jumped and hopefully some new wn friends or ya 'll die trying. lol Rohawa its a battle cry .
And , nice picture too !
I hope they all starve .
I just want to see all the styles of clothes , how they wear them , etc .
Yeah I knew about the cheap houses in Springfield area but not that dang cheap as 9K thats why I asked .
FANTASTIC!!
It would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent .
``Confrontingthe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face '' -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like its not her fault but we all know its TNB , I feel for that poor white woman
I do n't watch TV at home at all any more .
Both me and my wife would be very involved in every aspect of their schooling and the area we are moving to is very very white so will have to find out more from white parents already there that send their children to public school .
Let the Apes use their long arms to throw their monkey punches , and let us Whites use wrestling takedowns and submissions .
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .
Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour ..
Because you support an ideology which imposes it 's will on other people , and then you attack those people for merely resisting their own genocide
i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke
Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing .
Don't you love the double standards ?
There must have been about 10 of them , all black , and others coming in to join them .
The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria .
That could be cool !
Welcome to SF .
Hopefully they do n't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum .
I have this vision of a left christian screeching ' the meek shall inherit the earth `` as a member of the peaceful religion goes a chopping .... humour .
That 's a very sad story. were the pagans Romans , or the later Christians romans that did that ?
Historic vehicle Laurin Klement T. B 1899-1903 http://i4.ytimg.com/vi/cVQSTM-WTZk/mqdefault.jpg white loop-frame motorcycle with pedal start Awesome custom replica of 1900s Czech .
Woman get shot by a unseen shooter probably hide in the building in an attempt to dissuad protester to take this building .
We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred .
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .
I would have jumped at the chance to get a gun for my birthday .
Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites .
Every White person on the planet should have easy access to firearms , provided they do n't have a violent criminal past or a history of mental illness .
Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and pleasant isle.Irish people are white and Christian FFS !
Strange how the Swedes were once the most peaceful people in the world , then the Jews make them into liberals who wanted to genocide them selves .
Bbut they are creeping in slowly seeing more and more these days .
No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them .
You are going to have to make this decision on your own .
I 'd avoid the Baldwin/Idlewild area at all costs , but everywhere around there is extremely beautiful , lots of nature , etc .
Jews are the most demanding and worst patients of all .
things u put on yer teeth just kidding ... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants ? theyre red or white ? and theyre not belts. welcome to skinhead charades .
We shall see .
I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama .
To found a white community you must be in charge of all the elements that make up a community .
I have no problem cleaning my own toilets infact I dont even hate it because after im done I know that there be the cleanest dang place for my buttocks to be sitting on the next time there is a need for a bowel movement .
1. good news , especially that of the gospel [ < A.S. god spel , good tidings ] ; 2. one who carries the gospel news ; an evangelist : Evangel , Archaic , any one of the four Gospels. [ < Gk. euaggelion , the gospel < eu , well + aggellos , a messenger ]
These guys are killing our culture while pretending to want to save it .
Geesh , they 'd let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of `` Diversity '' as long as it got a body wax .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
if the expected war happens we better not put pride in charge of any units where navigating skills are required then .
They are black and Hispanic , not white .
Police investigating hate crime at Toronto home | CTV Toronto News
You 're joining a group of hard-working and smart activists 88WhiteTiger88 .
By the way , if the person you 're speaking to is claiming that blacks are held back it 's their duty to prove their claim , not your duty to disprove it .
Cholera is most common in Africa , southern and Southeast Asia , and the Middle East .
London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown .
FBI : Chicago officially America 's murder capital | Fox News
I would personally like to welcome all my White Brethren who want to join the fight in Texas !!!
I think the UK is more of a lost cause than the US. london has made tons of concessions to non whites .
Marxist Subversion happened .
If it means exterminating the blacks in Africa so the gorillas have a healthy , big nature preserve I do n't oppose it .
This girl was almost made another human sacrifice to your false god .
Nowadays, your ebony specimen chooses to sit at the back of the bus , so they can get up to all manner of mischief !
WOULD YOU PLEASE STRIVE TO READ MORE CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU JUMP DOWN PEOPLE 'S THROATS ABOUT SOMETHING .
He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date !
I refused to swerve my truck away , they scattered like a troop of baboons being charged by a lion .
i live near albany but i could hang out with u if u want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you would like
It wasnt really that dangerous perse , just stinky , and dumb , with the poor 5 % white kids the outcasts , which made some of them hooligans and crazy .
There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland .
To be honest .. i dont think this Muslim killed him because he thought the swedish boy looked like a racist ... it was probably just an excuse .
In many countries the Jew/white liberal will throw you in jail for longer than a murderer for denying their `` evidence '' !
No figures are available because none are made public .
Unfortunately our official greeter Evaline has n't been about for awhile so allow me to bid all of you who have recently joined our little band of brothers ( and sisters ) a warm welcome. max
More Whites would March in a Black Pride march than a White one .
You 're bang on .
a nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in the knackers but after all .. a black does n't equate to the same standard
www.cofo.edu Franciscan University of Steubenville , Steubenville , Ohio www.franuniv.edu Grove City College , Grove City , Pa.
Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round !
Do n't come down too hard and alienate him , just keep a light hearted attitude and let him know that you find his actions disgusting .
My ancestors who had the good sense and foresight to come and build America .
France has been gone for a long time , we will have to retake it later because there will be no French people in not too long .
You weather the zionist storm well , my brother .
Adjustable rear sight , orange target insert in the front sight , modified cylinder .
There are lots of brown and black kids in the system gays could adopt .
I have light brown hair and light brown eyes , like my father .
I love my beer ! maybe you were drinking liquor I always get crazy on that so I gave it up and now everything is fine .
Its the rural towns that would allow a community to go unnoticed and unattacked at first .
Yeah but what you have to remember is that the jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by use of the pro jew media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by T.V or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries
Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it .
But the camellia idea is great .
Go to any major retail mall , the Kitchener farmers market , etc , and its absolutely teeming with non whites ( asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims of all colours , and God knows what else ) and race mixers , and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men .
Los Angeles County sheriff 's officials arrested 53-year-old John Ewell on Saturday night , just two days after the killings .
The liberals are going to get their panties in a bunch , with people like you saying we must learn to defend ourselves .
They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else .
You 're telling me that there 's something we Swedes have done right ?
It is necessary for them to hide behind lies and false information because face it , the truth is not on their side .
Please, feel welcome to learn more about the history of the Macedonian Patriotic Organization , its traditional Bulgarian character and the activities this organization provided for the community and its goals and purposes of today .
Black males are put on pedestal by the media - white women love them , sports heroes , rappers with all the `` bling '' .
I say take asian obsessed white men and dump them in some third world asian crap whole and never let them come back .
Never.
Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !!
Perhaps the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do n't want their culture ' enriching ' ( ruining ) with tripe like this .
Yeah, seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread , so we see a new `` we be eguptshuns an sheet '' every week or so .
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist . ''
Thanks for the plug John , closest group of NA to Kansas City I know of are some of us in Omaha and the St Louis Unit .
It should come as no surprise that the Jews start embracing the degeneracy that they promote ; what goes around comes around .
The same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .
I think I will post one , I placed my profile on Eurodate a few days ago .
Let's hope he 's right , and that the heads of the Marxist elites currently ruling Europe start to roll .
If a white person wants to do well at any kind of academic subject , languages , art etc etc. then simply fill your essays with racial integration , feminism and the love of other cultures and the like and you 'll be fine !
We have n't heard this exquisitely beautiful song in a while .
I utterly want to vomit after watching this disgusting pro invasion of White countries ad .
It 's there .
You either stand with your people or they will stand over your dead body .
Council of White Patriot Voters Open Letter To NAACP Over Gay Marriage CWPV Open Letter To NAACP Over Gay Marriage - The Council Of White Patriot Voters
Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female with a White male or is it something that looks like it designed to send the same message ?
I am not expecting six figures a year but would like to be comfortable .
when I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow i spoke to this jew. this dude got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blond went to donate semen by using her mouth as container. sad but it 's blonds fault also to let this happen .
Thank you my friend for posting on our section ...
Bad for home defense , which is a pity , its probably a spectacular manstopper , those soft lead hollow base Foster slugs flatten out quickly .
Neanderthals are classified either as a human species or a human subspecies based upon which scientist you 're talking to .
Latest reported attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza in the late evening hours , 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home .
Imagine the groids licking their big lips when they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around .
**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria
i live in the bay area and have no car and barely any money to my name. i want to join the fight. if anyone is going from around here or can get me there , please pm me .
Welcome, this is the greatest site to meet like minded white folks like yourself from all over the world .
This is why libtards and Jews call us white supremacists and get away with it .
Im living in Burnaby , all i see is Chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire ?
His spirit will always be with us and we will always honor him as the man who led us out of the darkness so we will never get lost again as a people .
We need to get ahold of everyone and plan something this weekend .
I think asians are hot but they arent the girls I wanna get with.A wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ? White girls are only ones to be trusted .
New Supreme Court Justice Lord Dyson JC Article .
We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive .
one is one too many , i bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon , whichever school you are in , wigggers outnumber metalheads or `` normal '' whites
One !!!!! per county , ....... heartbreaking ..... absolutely heartbreaking .
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here
Blacks can shoot , funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law abiding child , walking home from church to help take of their sick mother .
the school board is completely blinded to the events that go on with their schools ... i contacted them about the boy with the knife n they were never even informed of the situation nor were the authorities called , eventhough that is what the school policy requires in such situations ...
Racism is as old as time itself , and no one ever admired a groid for anything other than cheap dumb labour .
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables .
Pakis are all about forcing their culture on us .
They 're so close that many believe we interbred , you ca n't interbreed with a chimp .
Good work .
Hundreds of people , but no blacks !
Do they discharge soldiers from the military if they get STDs or letting them stay and allowing them to put their comrades at risk ?
I am disgusted by the amount of white hate and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16 year olds head .
Maybe if you 'd have gone down to London you could have marched with hundreds of nationalists in the very centre of our nations capital ...
I listen to a lot of metal so , yeah , we call this `` clean '' lol !
Hopefully someone will moderate this thread .
just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a White woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n't be buying that stuff ever again
It 's usually the `` gangstas '' that use this pose .. and some scene kids , but even scene kids listen to ( c ) rap / hip hop , so ..
Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult for blacks as possible if our children are too have any kind of future .
Most of the time they are quiets sheep who want to intergrate but their children makes a new generations of thugs and prostitute .
I will say I love God as much as I like .
That's not even close to what he was doing .
He far excelled Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov .
yeah it just jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. dont worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad
Thanks for posting the site info .
Jewish unfortunately .
Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned , they always are when the OB smash the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best
I plan on going to work and making myself some money .
And a 99 cent unit study store here .
In my opinion this whole gay thing is fashionable now because of the media who constantly force it down your throat .
I think a lot of black males become conceited by this .
Just ran across this letter from Finland written by a non-racist .
We are badly outnumbered .
Yup, Africans breeding like cockroaches , AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growth !
The holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .
Those of the youth hold the future .... just listen to your old farts and young at heart 20 's and 30 's for a little advise
Though I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale bread etc so will no go to any that have lotsof groids working in them .
If it was the other way around and it was white on black we would never of heard the end of it
Homosexuals practice a perverse lifestyle that destroys the body , mind , and soul just as drug use does ; merely two paths to the same destructive end .
Sounds like things are pretty cool for you and your family .
The scene is anchored right and left by two bright stars , Mu and Eta Geminorum , at the foot of the celestial twin while the Jellyfish Nebula is the brighter arcing ridge of emission with dangling tentacles below and right of center .
another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter
Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house .
I would like too see white people get together and get us a white pride day
There will always be survivors , the juden will never let go of the holahoax
I would hate to live in Dublin with all the foreigners there now .
That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ...
When they get ridiculed because of their injury on the radio by a negro talk-show host who sings little songs about how sharks only eat White people , sure .
I must fall under the Alpine grouping as well .
I do think abusive parents are worse than gays one .
They should be tried for being accessories to murder !!!!!!!!!!!!
...mating with other mulattos would be ideal , but since there are n't huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I 'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines stay intact .
When the phosphor hits the skin it starts to burn going deeper and deeper into the flesh .
I doubt you can actually get close enough to the antis to pass a flower .
There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves .
Police threaten woman for requesting white housemates .
Have you noticed when white 's beat on blacks they usually end it with one punch and then leave the ape alone .
God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own .
I 'm a brand new member from the South JErsey area .
It's very easy for people to sit behind their computers in the comfort of their homes and judge an elderly gentleman who has dedicated his life to exposing the Holocaust myth when it 's not your office being burned to the ground , when it 's not you being bankrupted or thrown in prison .
Hello!
Boy, those same blacks get awful mad when you have a sign saying `` No to a black Africa '' , then it becomes wrong .
Is n't it interesting how genocide is a crime until it happens to Europeans ?
These moslem filth hacked there heads off it took about 30 seconds !
Yep the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable .. The Jew knows this and Glamorises the Negro using its media power , here we see the results .
High time they get back to mother Affika and fix that mess .
This place looks like the interior needs a little finishing , and appears to be built by a survivalist .
At the link just below , I 've been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month : Malaysians , Venezuelans , Chinese let White House broadcast their agendas
Yes, I have very rarely seen Scandinavian-looking people with brown eyes .
I just came in from my night job or I 'd look around a bit more .
They also threatened to throw me out of the country .
But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty .
They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayer 's expense while breeding like cockroaches .
If so could I get a link ?
It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us .
Israely Zionist indeed prepeared the Georgian attack .
Now , this has an entirely different meaning .
Muds do n't respect anything , including themselves ( what 's to respect ) and therefore anyone else .
unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian , we dont need or want more slavs
I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth .
I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members on this Jewish crap my son brought home from public school .
.99Cents Only stores have a nice selection of Halloween stuff .
The next world cup will be the greatest murder and rape fest since Katrina .
I bookmarked their website last night .
We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes .
glad to see so many people out here seems like we are few and far the way things are out here
I'm too old ( 38 ) , but I live in Tucson .
Do you mean ......
Not even other races mixing it up with each other , its whites mixing with all .
Ssupreme88
They are scum , they are traitors .
Ya, and they kind of missed the fact that he is going to inner city schools teaching the monkeys how to better kick your white butt !
I know somebody who wants to perhaps move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda in the schools there .
( Source of quote. )
Ya the ignorant want to registered guns so only criminals will have gun .
still looking for white people of the same belief to talk to or maybe hang out.stength is in numbers and georgia is getting outnumbered as we speak .
Deport all Indians back to India and make them pay for the trip .
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again .
If the Jews are allowed to decide for everyone the correct version of history , I 'm sure they 'll eventually re-write the history around Jesus Christ .
Agree with the rest , the recent transfer window says everything , hundreds of millions spent on a few players .
Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds
THANKS
I would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .
Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in .
Dollar Tree also had a selection of affordable decorations .
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .
Reports that Trump will meet with group seeking independence for White South Africans | Sports , Hip Hop & Piff - The Coli
These groids went haywire when they got in there and found themselves a white girl .
More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit : 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman .
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' .
Any purported `` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him .
But maybe it was just him .
Indeed, I have n't seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet , non-european immigrants however ...
Viva la MayheeKo !
But UFC and TUF is rigged and staged .
It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people .
It 's not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the herd on every ethical question ; they 're inferior and they know it , ill-suited to standing up alone or thinking through a complex scenario to settle upon an internally consistent position .
I was escorted from the camp/jail by 2 polish policeman as denying/questioning the hoax-acuast is illegal .
Hey guys please go here to help us send the Mexicans back to Mexico .
I 'm not a nig and need a day off to smoke blunts and drink 40 ouncers .
We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college , crowding out the non-W 's !
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites ?
I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .
And they will flood into all white countries as much as they can !
It's good to see an educational institution that maintains its values and refuses to bow down in the name of `` progress . ''
Teach them to be strong and healthy do not let them watch television , if you have to for some reason only let them watch good morale shows , maybe the Brady Bunch ?
Ever since SF came back on line people have adopted a more aggressive line of debate , the threads I have been on seem to have gone that way pretty quickly anyway .
Our school systems are nothing more then breeding grounds for the slave system the zionist are determined to create .
We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil .
In England there are whole cities that are almost majority ethnic and hundreds of schools with no white children ...
I just turn up the sound and I can work and listen .
( Lives in Canada right now )
Therefore everyone in this thread is a holocaust survivor .
I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches .
``RiceArrives in Lithuania for NATO Talks . '' http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4466747.stm Go Home to Africa , Condoleeza Rice !
All of the security guards i see are white but maybe , just maybe , i 'm blessed because no doubt these negro security guards abuse their power .
http://www.japantoday.com/category/n...a-bound-flighthttp://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn...071301714.html Uzodinma Iweala is the author of `` Beasts of No Nation , '' a novel about child soldiers .
- YouTube Big Mtn snow makes great dog flips - YouTube New Years Eve Fireworks and Torchlight Parade on Big Mountain - YouTube
Education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - Jews , non-whites and liberal women run and ruin everything .
Negro Parolee Strangles Elderly White Couple In Their Home , Suspected In Another Murder ...
Maximum resistance towards Zog !
Clearly there is a need for more alternative media in this country .
Booklet updated on Dec. 9th , 2013 .
Such a shme how we 've allowed blacks and browns to destroy every last square inch of our cities .
Hair freshly cut ...
May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives as it is in effect by their hands and actions that their sister and daughter was murdered by this beast .
If you search around you can probably find `` hoax of the 20th century '' for free on the net .
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?
Twp .
Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attack , Oh but we all know the story shall it of been some poor black bastard bashed to near death in Dublin eh
The supposed trauma of a fictional event passes on thru generations but the genocide of our people is met with mass apathy .
so you are trying to make us look bad ? just because there are a few bad apples in a tree doesnt mean the whole tree is bad !
I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas !
As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !
I have to admit I do n't think I 've ever met a Briton ??? and I am English , so you must know something that I do n't know ??? , good for you .
I 'm glad we were able to get back to NS in the NS thread .
I just bought two CD 's featuring the Russian Radio Chorus Orchestra , Orchestra Vladimir Avramow , and St. Petersburg Balaika Ensemble playing such songs as St. Petersburg , Why Should I Be Sad , Dark Night , The Long Way , Wolga , So Many Days , Nastassja , Two Guitars , Fields , Hai-Da Trojka , Bandura , Tschubtschik , Troika , The Cossack , Our Little Village , Stenka Rasin , and many others .
Because they a vile plague on all of mankind that no one really likes .
The fact that she s casually announced this to the country functions as a make-shift IQ test right there . That s because of your reputation ; not your looks , love .
Are they playing old stuff or newer stuff more ?
And did anyone notice that the least diverse college , on that list , is a Jewish one ?
When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never ending holocaust documentary , just to make sure I nevah fo-get !
These disgusting perverted white men are no different than the white women who have sex with black men just because they have a bigger penis .
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom .
I was there and I must say it 's great museum .
I think this would just be a tighter grip the ZOG would have on us .
WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do
Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum .
I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro i will make sure i will never set foot in their again i was in their once !!!
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves
SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !
I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , I do not want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there .
Want a libtard to support White Nationalism ?
well like I said , I keep to myself .
What a pathetic loser b ! tch ! : goof
lol.
Yea, I 'm not sure it 's authenithic .
It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency .
How can they do well at anything that requires logic when they are required to accept that A and B are equal ?
Then how come the only ones they arrested in connection with those attacks were active FSB agents ?
Why have n't we thought about that over here ?
Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .
Cindy
A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch .
When the wheel hits the road , it wo n't matter if you swing for yellow or black , just that you swing from the nearest overpass .
String ' em up !
Check it out this is disturbing but insightfull and revealing information that are people here need to see .
Wo n't take more than a minute to do and 39 cents .
That's why I did n't display it .
If they do that , they can do what they want in the privacy of their home .
I think if there are cases of infected people in your area , then yeah Id take them out of school .
I hear the jews are looking to open a Holohoax center in Antarctica next year .
Maybe blacks are n't better , but their body is more shaped to hunt animals .
Typical Negro .
A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !
To understand ancient Egyptians you should read up on modern Egyptians .
Ignore the genocide on Serbs , turn your back on your own people .
I'm 22 years of age and I plan to have 3-4 kids but I do n't feel I can be a father now , I will start have my kids around age 27 .
We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them .
Racial preservation is the belief that the existence of a certain race must be preserved ( and well of course its culture ) .
The Brown and Black filth are starting to creep into Orillia and Midland sadly .
I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !!
All para-militaries are just criminal scum !!!!
No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black females to parrot Marxist propaganda the way that little dumb liberal anti-whites will .
Now I just need to figure out what you are doing here .
Separation is the only answer !
Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine coloured rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada ?
Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses .
The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves .......
Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ?
Any suggestions on what I should get ?
2508
If it 's brown , flush it down .
It has become unbearable and is seriously changing me as a person watching my country be decimated .
Now there 's a medical advancement to think about .
She came to hate the African poachers and showed no mercy towards them .
POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET , DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait till the blacks riot and and attack cops i give a few years and they will be full scale black riots in Ireland .
Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european .
The Negro is generally terrified of Whites , the second you stand up to them they usally back away , thats unless they 're carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use .
Any kind of civilization Negroes have today is a gift from the White race .
The reason large white families were encouraged those days was to build up the population of white Germans , which were ravaged by the jewish attacks at them during WW1 and in hyperinflation 1920 's .
All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time .
Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool ?
I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want into walmart with all the * * * * ing pakis and * * * * in there
What I meant was blacks are the oldest living humans on earth .
Oil on canvas , 60 x 70 cm .
I would' nt even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are .
Any expressing of their homosexuality outside their home however must be stopped .
I never really thought about it before but I guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper English .
Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda .
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo .
That 's every groid 's wish anyways .
I 'm just pointing out our version of mercy and the God of the Bible are not even close to the same thing .
Of course White race tend to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to acknowledge that or just want to make use of your nonwhite stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth .
One the Chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .
It is hard to say what is going to happen however one way or the other I think Whites in South Africa should get out of the country and try to make it to a safer location such as Canada or Australia .
It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things .
The problem is there 's so many white liberal self hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and nonwhites .
An ape without a penis will never be able to pass it on to others .
The measurements given in that ad are whacked .. it says house #1 and #2 are 7,000 sq feet !
See the pattern .
Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority .
EdgefieldDaily.com l Wanted Sex Offender
X ) `` Stone Family Band : with new in-law at far left and new future in-law at far right .
I noticed that that that was your first post .
Tereasa
Check out the link in my sig brother .
The Bear Sterns Report on Illegal Immigration Stormfront National Vanguard David Duke American Renaissance
Will someone kindly tell me how to enter my signature ?
Home Schooling is the best option .
DISGUSTING .
To hell with making a stand , i think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offenceive and drive every race down into Mexico .
No instead we will pump whitey full of chemicals via the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of blacks .
Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark !
It gets back to the question of how we present ourselves in some acceptable fashion while at the same time not changing who we are .
WTF are you laughing ' Groid The Jews are just using you Monkeys Get lost go eat some watermelon and shoot some dice or something .
I am reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you do not clean up a pile of * * * * while being in the middle of it .
It's going to take everyone working together to beat the New World Order .
I guess it is all Jews because that rabbi guy who says we must to serve Jews was a Iraqi Jew .
If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright .
I have taken THAT particular test like ten times before .
I was recently in Zaporojie , Ukraine , which has a famous Cossack enclave , where I had the opportunity to dine at a Cossack restaurant and listen to traditional Cossack music played live .
We should start gangs of our own and kill them and rob their homes , is this what the liberals wanted as `` diversity ? ''
You can have it completely for free !
Or hide it behind a link or something ?
Eric Denson of Springfield pleads innocent to stabbing of Cathedral High School senior Conor Reynolds | Massachusetts Local News - MassLive.com
I put sports drinks in them on longer rides and keep water in the Camelback .
Next week is Thanksgiving .
hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children .
OP is a faggot .
This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
17 days since Halloween .
General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out .
This might take the cake of the biggest load of bullsh ! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim .
Behind every avatar is an actual person , and we can even meet .
Hitler was about as Jewish as a Negro is a Chinaman .
To all white patriots , watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES , OR ENDGAME from PRISON PLANET , and learn the agenda from the criminals Jewish bankers .
PM me !
It's to bad that there is n't anything like this anymore , Id sure join if there was .
I hate the term black in reference to the Niggardly kind .
Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia .
We stopped and looked at each other like `` WTF ??!
sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street
If I feel threatened especially by these fools you can bet I 'll be just as quick to kill as they are .
Exactly if there was a network of devoted white nationalists across Canada there 's no knowing what we could actually accomplish .
I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever
It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka-bottle forcing it to spend it 's time forever close to a jew .
Thanks , Greg
At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder .
She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !
I need to get this done too , but my luck I 'll find out my great-grandfather was an IDF General .
Liberal is just the PC word for Rapist .
Bomber-Bike Project at 20 .
It sounds like you are at the very beginning of the immigration problem .
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !
Pornography and prostitution should be outlawed as the jewish filth that it is . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nazi.org.uk
Why would I want to contribute to the Kneegrow and spic 's wellbeing ?
For more on The Knight 's Party .
It 's summer and I have a lot of time on my hands with a work break .
No, it`s untrue .
No but I was typing fast and must 've pushed shift too early ( since you need to push shift to use the ? symbol )
Definitely going to do that !
They instead decide by convenience , low risk , and unenlightened self-interest .
Because behaving like civilized and educated person is `` to white '' for negroes .
dont screw your life up because of some stupid little fight by using a weapon .
Or are the CIA and FSB on the same team ?
So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up
About 1000 of Israely military specialists voluntary ( they say so ) served in Georgian army.To prepare the assault on Tshinvaly .
Jackie Evancho - Lovers - House of Flying Daggers - HD - YouTube
I saw it on friday Thats just about the right impression ( i believe ) one should have about them .
When the tea party people have a event and very few minorities show up its the White tea party people who are racist .
The last time I heard of anyone beating anyone up is when the guys down in miami from wctoc were arrested for doing there duty .
I dont believe i or anyone living today brought you here or wanted you here .
There was not one white child amongst them .
A wind of change is starting to blow .
And im sure theres a lot more people that would do the same .
Another reason it might say so in the Census is because whites like me refused to fill out the census , to deliberately help skew it towards whinorities .
Hello Thomas & welcome to SFBritain Good to have another young lad on board .. have a look through the youth section , good info .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
Hey, hey now let 's not bury this so fast .
Interesting .
It's their birth rate that people always forget .
Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth .
Holocaust is a Holohoax .
The whites and the asians evoluated , and the blacks are still behind .
Homosexuals should stay in the closet .
man as that video went along i got more and more fearful that there would be a tag at the end stating all in the video had been assaulted or murdered. glad it turned out better than that .
On second thought they wo n't report it at all .
R1b is the most common haplotypes defining the Europeans
Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists .
One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly .
Woodstock is flanked by multicultural hell London and multicultural hell Kitchener , its a hopeless cause .
I eventually came to the conclusion that jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respectable religion .
All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way .
I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals .
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .
I hope you enjoy the celebrations as much as I did , remember people - Multiculturalism works Racism does n't Pakistani celebrating 20/20 jeet Tooting - YouTube
I'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave
I've posted a thread in Stormfront Latin to help spread the WNPS and too see if we can get more translations .
Also i would have no problem if Spain sent back the hundreds of thousands of Brits back home we dont have a right to flood a country like that with our folk .
It ai n't right unless it 's White .
The anti-whites have been using education for decades to brainwash Whites against their own race .
Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro .
Make sure you have a security team for Justin Barrett whenever he speaks in public in case the unwashed scum try anything again .
You 're worried about affirmative action and liberals , that 's your spot .
Pm me so we can chat further if you wish .
The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people .
http://rnebarkashov.ru/foto/ff009.jpg
I guess I would be destined for the gas chambers .
This is completely disgusting ... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us and all our laws and customs ?
Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s .
I havent seen a white security gaurd for years.although i did see a black security gaurd chasing a lithuanian shoplifter a few weeks ago it was hilarious.i was waiting to cross the road when i saw this guy run from the shop with a bag full of meat and cheese , he got two steps out of the shop and tripped up the bag fell in the road with the shoplifter almost getting run over , he got straight up and run like the wind chased by security ( who failed to catch the thief )
Therefore they had to practice slavery before all other races .
Aragorn
Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind .
Excellent idea .
They only know how to destory our civilization .
That 's the Norweigian black metal band Emperor .
( The Jews had the Romans murder Jesus for them by falsely accusing Jesus and by turning down a chance to pardon Jesus .
I feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe .
Yep That Is a great Movie But My favorite Is   I was actualy wacing it yesturday A verry verry Powerful Film 2508
Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' .
If interested email me at claw9165@yahoo.com
Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them .
Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home .
This video on british becoming a minority is so awful ill never watch it again .
This is a sickening trend , even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because of the sickening media brainwashing .
I believe these apes may be on to something by chopping off penises to cure aids .
What alternative do you have other than kill the black policeman and every black cop you can until they get you .
Very informative .
A white against all other color war must happen to rid America , but will it ever happen and would it be successful ?
That is why I asked for I figured you would be eithre very wee or very not so wee .
I wonder if we 'll see any pictures of cops with garlands round their necks dancing with the natives this year ?
We do n't need such scum .
Want a libtard to oppose abortion ?
Then we will create a Marxist style school system to further dumb them down and reduce them to obedient global citizens .
A has been from a genre called `` grunge rock '' AKA sheety music popular around 20 years ago I did n't like them then and now ... same consensus Pearl Jam - Jeremy - YouTube
And yes , they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe them something , so it 's ok to steal .
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .
As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape .
And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order .
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !
Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon .
They mutilate their own , and they do their best to see to it that those whom they see as their goyim slaves are also marked ....
Raising 1 healthy , racially aware child is worth more than all the libtard and mud children in the world .
Black is a color but the Negroids more than not resemble a walking pile of feces with arms and legs ... they even stink !
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever .
I still have bottle cages on most of my bikes .
I base this post on the fact that I live a few hundred yards from the house I was born in and have never felt the desire to suck the milk from anything other than an English nipple .
The problem is in blacks ' heads , but hey , you have already known that .
Look at this cultural incongruity from Plymouth . VIDEO : Plymouth celebrates St George 's Day with music and dancing in the streets | This is Plymouth
They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm .
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
I have no idea of how many might be here .
Also, it 's so sad to see so much pre made crap in their grocery buys .
I can give you her Skype and she will answer all your questions .
I know exactly what you 're saying , I just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do .
Norway : 3.3 ( 2001 ) , 3.9 ( 2002 ) , 3.5 ( 2003 ) , 1.8 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 4.5 million ) Sweden : 2.6 ( 2001 ) , 3.7 ( 2002 ) , 3.5 ( 2003 ) , 2.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 8.9 million ) Iceland is at about 0.2 .
I used to enter horse competitions until I was thrown off one and broke my leg .
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .
Now, young man !
During the early punk scene , he was always seen decked out in a Union flag blazer , then all a sudden , an instant nationality transplant .
Lying Marxists !
Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were borne here and their breading patterns are the threat to our gene pool and not other white Europeans such as polish people .
i used to post on here a few years back as kruger but for some reason i cant register with that name so here goes with the new one 88 to all i know and to those i will meet
Find other gardeners , wild plant enthusiasts , and fellow believers in your area who you can band with .
You do not have to wait for this law to pass since already you would be expelled from your school for doing the above under some sort of hostile school environment clause , as you would at most places of work .
That's all I needed to hear .
Latha math dhuibh agus d tha dol agad fhin , a Phdruig/Hello Pat , how are you ?
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose .
WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders .
May they just need to turn these savages loose , justice will take care of itself .
Gay marriage has no place in any society , regardless of your race and culture.It destroys , morals , values , and the future of your offspring that will keep your race and culture alive.Regardless of your race and culture , homosexuality and gay marriage is the genocide of mankind .
the kind of perversion that leads to homosexuality also leads to pedophilia. why take the risk , and even if the homosexuals turned out not to be pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverts .
Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking .
I've followed Mr. Kievsky 's adventures through VNN for the last couple years .
More likely they 're afraid of having to marry and deal with a snotty GI-Jane-dyke , only to be dragged into court and have the kids and house taken a few years later .
http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail !
When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us .
Saul Kassin : `` False confessions '' https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = JDRRwFfJKkw The Vera Institute of Justice 's Neil A. Weiner Research Department Speaker Series presents Saul Kassin , Distinguished Professor of Psychology at John Jay College of Criminal Justice .
All we have is blacks and a few mestizos and all are pretty well behaved , we keep them that way around here
And all those holes below 40,000 feet are filled with oil instead of water .
The idea that homeschooled kids do n't get socialized is ludicrous .
I caught this on youtube , I 'm sure someone has posted this at some point on here but it deserves reiteration .
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .
The Neolithic farmers who migrated into Europe originated in Anatolia .
I've been following the events in Ukraine and have noticed some troops using the SKS .
I going to get homeschooled tired of looney lefty teachers and the negroes
oddly i would find it worst if she here black , since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race in our planet .
When they sent n iggers to space the space ships started blowing up .
Invictus Press Home Page
The students should be able to express themselves .
KC skin boy looking for KC skin girl .
It 's a nationalist site as well , maybe give them a try !
The brutality of his crime and his lack of remorse made Jackson the `` model candidate for death in the gas house , '' one columnist wrote after his death sentence was upheld by the state 's highest court .
that prince who married that asian is a freak. imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families
There's no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a house in India , africa etc and they can enter in on a tourist visa .
Dare to speak out in a country with supposed free speech and you 're labelled a bigot !
I cannot imagine how revolting it must be - the PC dialogue at your university -- idolizing athletes who dont belong in college -- white women getting pregnant with freaks
88 all , this is my first post and i 've read this whole thread so i guess I have a few comment 's , let 's start , shall we ?
You got that right in one go.Lets hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do n't have these apes in your great Country then count your blessings
I read a few things about him awhile back and he is far to the left as so many of them are .
Excellent Article !! * * * * * Why Were n't They In Jail ?
Do ` F * ck with our families , buckwheat !!
White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland .
Maybe you should look there or just move here to miss. Or more specifically Tupelo .
Little kids all decked out in their costumes .
Someone Please Tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good working People .
God 's own divine intervention , aided by Jewish money swindled from the goyim .
I do n't know about you but I rather fight a 2m swedish male than a 1.70m asian kung fu expert .
YouTube - Brussels on 9/11 : For a free Europe , against Islamization
What makes it suck are the Jews that run it and the Blacks that play in it .
I thought there was talk not too long ago about Putin extending the terms to stay in office ?
Apparently the Jews ca n't take it when the truth is spoken about them .
You could try looking at the National socialist and Fascist Resource Centre at http://www.ufc.co.uk They cover a whole range of educational material .
Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst
I' v checked them out but could n't find much but apparently they have presence in Britain .
We do not want `` assimilation '' .
Nothing happened except I got an 88 % on the paper .
I enjoyed playing the game when I was a kid , but I never enjoyed watching it on TV .
We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum .
Nevermind, found the new page Knew it had to be a groid .... any report of rape ?
No need to allow FACTS to get in the way of a good White guilt message ! ... and the jew laughs loudly !
hi read your post and my name is james from australia , and would like to well write to such a pleasent person as yourself have a nice day !
I live in AR .
I went outside and the niglet 's mom told me my daughter had hit her first .
Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ?
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~  RESTORE ORDER  ~
If anyone can tell what happened on this lake ?
Its disgusting they these foreigners come over here , stamp their feet and jump above good Irish families and get what they want .
YouTube - Teacher Attacked for Being White 9 year old attacks white teacher , explicitly `` because she was white . ''
They do not want all of us to find out how she was raped and tortured .
Hey, I 'm looking to meet new people maybe find myself a nice white boy .
Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation .
About the Chinese , those who remain in their own country are good , those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad .
American Media appears to have a blackout on these developments .
That or it might be that Blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than that of White people on average .
Apparently young kids pick languages up very quickly .
We just do n't like what we see .
I 've always considered teaching as one of the professions I would like to get into , but not in a neighbourhood like that ... never. kids like that disgust me .
2508
It 's just the way they are .
i do this and the looks i get out of disgust are regular but i happily carry on walking and laugh them off , they think showing me a few pictures of negro kids on a poster without a burger is going to make me want to give money to them ?
The islamic disease is even more dangerous than the more obvious black or yellow disease .
They almost always choose to identify with blacks more than whites .
Amen brother ..... you did say it like you been there ... they talk crap and if you show fear they 'll be on ya fast .
Indeed, now they just need to feed themselves , educate themselves , police themselves ad nauseum ......
The kind of savagery against females that has become expected from negroids in todays society ...
Seems none of these pinheads wanted to get dirty .
He got what he deserved .
This is my next read .
Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten .
I have to say I was shocked when he said the kids at his ( Junior ) school spoke 31 different languages and teachers have had to devise a system of hand signals to communicate !
how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ?
These feral negroes stalk white women , rape and kill and , no one seems willing to stop them .
Thank you brother .
Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo .
I can get a ride to see you some time this summer if that is cool i need to get up with someone in NJ as it is his name is HAL i have talk to him but i want to meet him so when i go to see him I can stop to see you if that is ok
An even smaller pellet is probably ideal , #4 Buck , perhaps .
Hell to have a teacher like this .
I've got two knife blocks on the counter .
Perhaps people will take you more seriously if you do n't make as many grammar errors and using repulsive language .
It has everything to do with RACE .
I just wanted to say hello to The Jew is Evil .
The school did not cause my much trouble because it was elementary school .
Negroids could n't put together a bake sale properly much less a work force .
I mean they intentionally chose this house knowing there were white people living there .
The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly .
Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club .
I lived in texas when i was younger , i know how tough some things can get . `` rasslin animals '' is half the fun
Just watch them at North America and they like all black sport players and their `` slang '' .
But get the eyes wide open and lets rock attitude ... most will back off and go away ..... been there with ya !
I want to have 3 children ! 2 girls and 1 boy but the hardest part now is i got to try and find someone to make them with , but so far no luck
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?
If they have some marches and what not about showing pride in their culture you guys should go out and do the same If you could try and contact people you know in different cities and see if their willing to do the same .
No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too .
The only Mexican in town has since moved out and kids can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear .
LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for the sub human ape creatures you are truly one bad mofo whitey crakker man
What does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermination of the White race and the destruction of western civilization which 99 % of the members of this site are concerned with ?
Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE .
I know how you feel BreakTheSilence luckily this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you do not have to put up with all the filth that is in the public education system .
My father was born in Germany My mother 's parent 's moved from Ireland .
God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged .
Maybe you 'll find it useful .
agreed, there is no reason to make genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have nothing to do with our affairs !
Or make something in the internet against thi injustice some times is hit a global repercussion and can help this .
Thank you for posting this ! this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are .
Thanks for coming
The white churches ' billboards look like lunch break at the UN .
I seriously hope she dies in a fire one day .
If you are not registered I think that maybe you will not be able to see this .
Stop showing off South Asian functional illiteracy .
No I do n't support Nordic Superiority , but I have no problem with Nordic people who want a pure Nordic race to exist .
All of our tim hortons are staffed by those nast filipinos and every single town is full of Indians and asians .
God bless them all , to hell with the blacks .
Should the guy who sang cop killer also have a trial , because he tragted a minority , cops .
It seems that what they are trying to say is that if you are white you are in the wrong place at the wrong time anywhere in the World .
Miami,( I do n't know how Don can stand living down there ) Hispanic - 279,456 ( 70.0 % ) Black alone - 64,993 ( 16.3 % ) White alone - 47,622 ( 11.9 % ) Asian alone - 3,649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 ( 0.7 % ) Other race alone - 676 ( 0.2 % ) American Indian alone - 361 ( 0.09 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 % ) Read more : Miami , Florida ( FL ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news , sex offenders
It almost reads like something out of a science fiction novel .
Ten to one they have a great father , too .
nobody said I like him and I dont see the reason to like him to be honest WE HAVE ENOUGH CULTURAL HERITAGE FOR HUNDREDS OF GENERATIONS WE SHOULD BE PROUD OF WHAT WE DID NOT OF WHAT SOME AUSTRIAN DID !!!
I reported some time ago that negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you are away at work .
Next time you see someone with their pants falling down , just help them !
It is always nice to meet another person with roots in Kansas .
It's people like this that are the face that represents the filth of Islam .
There is nothing I would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal Zionists !
A pile of burned offerings .
To me and the rest of my commrades on this wonderfull White Day !!! I hope you have loads of fun and be safe !!!!
Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school .
He's a retarded feral negro ( yes , feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up , having been abandoned as children. ) .
They probably stole a bunch of stuff .
But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO .
Or just stay the hell away from cheap , crap ar15s when you can get a damn reliable plinker for $ 700 brand new ......
Here's an example of red violence against patriotic St George 's Day marchers and a red site encouraging even more of it the next year . Stop the March for England 2013 ( from Rough Music ) | Brighton Anti-fascists
Sometimes I wonder if it is Because Whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently .
If Canada was small the nonwhites would be everywhere but so many whites live rurally or in small towns so they do n't see the racial disaster unfolding on Canada .
it is better with a shaved head.A friend of mine was beaten really bad a year ago because they could have pulled him by his hair .
somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places !
http://www.amv3.com/forum/viewtopic.php ? p = 5542#5542
And hey , we have not talked about women 's mitochondriat at all ?
Aragorn
Just Google it and you 'll see what I mean .
I've often pointed out that negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they 're gonna win any race war .
Its simple , they want to create white guilt , .
The only thing that they care about is welfare and mooching of all the rest of us .
Had a run in with a JAP tonight .
They have properly learnt their Zionist lesson ...
And theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool , mongrelizing our race .
Yes, have you seen the Pancrase tornouments in Japan ?
God, it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes .
Africans are tall , thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and I 'm just being kind .
the white race will soon be on the brink of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands , I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse
I do n't go line dancing but I listen to country and want to live on a ranch or farm
If we do n't act soon they will bread us out .
I noticed a lot of fat little white girls with monkey boyfriends .
I tried to sign up there once & they refused to activate my account .
Agreed! rep will have to wait though .. Cheap money , massive bailouts of crony banksters , manipulated employment figures , etc , etc , ..
I'm sure the negro had it coming .
The above poster is correct when we stop supporting then they 're in terrible danger .
Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags
Pathological killers , they are .
I'm more of a grappler than a striker , I would lunge out with a windpipe grab and bring them down to the floor .... my record for KO' ing someone with a choke is currently 3 secs
I have a dominant personality and I look for the same thing in girls .
The Jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the White race .
I do n't blame you , all the yucky nonwhite DNA pawing your food as they pass it over the UPC scanner , disgusting .
Border fence , what border fence ?
If her eyes linger ................................... she 's yours .
It 's where I discovered so many great people who are fighting for our cause .
I 'll post as much as I can , but I 'm more of a BNP supporter than an expert .
The people running SA into the ground , want to wipe them all out .
2-Year-Old Dies Of Rape , Mammy 's Boonfren ' Charged - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Dekalb 2-Year-Old Dead ; Caregiver Charged Police Say Child Was Abused POSTED : 10 : 41 pm EDT October 2 , 2010 UPDATED : 11 : 51 pm EDT October 3 , 2010 Dekalb 2-Year-Old Dead ; Caregiver Charged - DeKalb County Headlines News Story - WGCL Atlanta
Living in a boarder state , Texas , the problems of illegal aliens is , naturally , a stark reality , and let me add that the only solution that I see is the implimentation of U.S. Troops as guards on the Mexican boarder .
Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines : Free Download & Streaming : Internet Archive www.DrDay.com www.GoodNewsAboutGod.com
So according to your logic since blacks have been in N.America for hundreds of yrs they should be allowed to stay ? and yes whites should leave africa .
Servents/maids , workers of some type ?
Idiotic.
Piece of * * * * deserves to be shot .
Seriously Guys , It 's An Indian Symbol For Good Fortune - People Of Walmart : People Of Walmart
Good luck with your bugchasing , homo . . .
We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way .
When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' .
I 'm sure I would have done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * * * long enough for me to get my homework done ...
She was tortured and mutilated .
Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don  t want to surrender ( in Danish )
I have decided to take this debate to pm .
Chicago Teachers Union president explains how to inject politics into math - YouTube Chicago Teachers Union president Karen Lewis explains how to politicize school math for organizing - EAGnews.org powered by Education Action Group Foundation , Inc.
Only the crazy ones stay .
Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country .
The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled .
They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa .
It offers certificates of completion for many courses .
Great link .
Why do n't White Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls , and deport these Black and brown animals from their countries ?
Its time for the return of Mosley 's blackshirts .
Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times .
haha; im a 19 y.o white male from newcastle area - but im moving back to sydney very soon ( west sydney im afraid lol )
Whether or not one chooses to eat meat is a very personal decision .
I do get my Theirs , theres and they 're , mixed up sometimes but i was educated under Labours rule so i cant be completly to blame .
- = Wulfi = -
We are cooking a duck on the rotisserie , catch the fat drippings and cook little potatoes in that , its delicious , we 're also cooking a small turkey , mashed potatoes , carrots , pumpkin pie and butternut squash cut in half and baked with butter and brown sugar .
Absolutely.
Hi Im tv free do n't have kids yet reading mending , sewing , menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewv existence
It 's more fun that way , too .
It's weird most Indians dot and to an extent feather that I deal with hate blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless .
some times Whites are forced to live around a lot of blacks .
I always thought it would be cool if somebody covertly set off a nuke in Kashmir , and then we all could sit back and watch as the Paki 's and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other .
I'm glad you pointed this out that anti-Bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
This guy seems to get it but otherwise : Sorry jigs , you 're on your own
Please stop this nonsense all of you !
I 've seen shots with a .45 , where people walked around angry .
I live in a suburban area with an old spring fed lake that always has water in it .
My buddy 's boat is anchored beside it .
you just say blacks hate the cold. the only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and tigers you get fast or eaten .
